Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-22, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Larry Silverstein is both the stupidest and the luckiest businessman in the world.
He's the stupidest businessman in the world because six weeks before 9-11, he buys the least to the World Trade Center.
Okay, but why is this stupid?
Because the World Trade Center is filled with a dangerous mineral called asbestos, which has a long list of health risks for humans.
The problem is the cost of removing all that asbestos would have been more than the value of the Twin Towers.
So that's kind of stupid.
It's like buying a used car with a failed transmission in a check engine light that has been on since 1967.
What's even more stupid is that owning the least meant buying insurance.
And so the insurance company says, we value the World Trade Center at $1.5 billion.
But Larry Silverstein was like, actually no, it's not $1.5 billion.
There were $3.5 billion.
So he is asking to pay more insurance than he needed to on a building that's already trying to bankrupt you.
That sounds ultra mega stupid, right?
But actually, he's the luckiest man in the world because he actually got his big insurance payout.
Plus, he didn't need to repair the building.
Plus, his big insurance payout actually got doubled.
You see, on the tragic day of 9-11, lucky Larry here argued that two planes hit the two towers, which meant two separate insured events.
So instead of one payout of $3.5 billion, he argued that he should get double.
Where is my $7 billion?
And so he sued.
A settlement was reached in 2007 with insurers agreeing to pay out $4.55 billion,
which was not as much as Silverstein had sought, not quite double, but still not exactly pocket change.
But wait, his luck buffs isn't finished yet.
Lucky Larry here is a well-known workaholic, so he never misses work.
Yet on the morning of September 11th, he wasn't there.
Why you ask?
Because he had a dermatologist appointment.
Imagine skipping work one time and accidentally making the greatest attendance decision in human history.
Coincidence?
Unbelievable luck?
Main character energy?
You decide.
The moral of the story?
Forget IQ.
Forget business school.
Forget five-year plans.
Apparently, the strongest superpower is spawning in the world with maxed-out luck.

— END —
