Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-08, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

This is day two of me trying to convince you that Jeffrey Epstein was performing sex magic
rituals to summon entities using the methods of Alistair Crowley. Yesterday I covered how Epstein
was collecting sacred objects from different religious traditions and using them to charge
his properties for ritual. The esoteric principle is called the law of contagion and it basically
says that sacred objects absorb the energy of everyone who has ever prayed or channeled energy
into them. The first object that he stole was ancient pueblo petroglyphs near his home.
This is also where two women were allegedly buried after rough fetish sex left them dead.
The second item he stole was a catholic funeral bell called the Las Trampas death bell. It was
installed in the New Mexico Mission Church in 1760 and then it was stolen from that church in 1930s
and it went completely missing until suddenly it ends up at Jeffrey Epstein's ranch. This bell
was only ever rung during catholic funeral masses so you can imagine the type of spiritual energy that
collects on a bell from 170 years worth of grief. The third item was three pieces of the
Kishwa which is the cloth that covers the most sacred site in all of Islam, the Kaaba. The Kaaba
is said to be the first house of worship built by Adam, the first man and then rebuilt by Abraham.
It also houses the Black Stone which was given to Adam by the angel Gabriel. Originally it was pure
white but it is turned completely black because it's absorbed so much sin. The Kishwa which
Epstein somehow received is the black and gold cloth that covers the Kaaba in Mecca. The woman
who sent this cloth to Epstein said it had been touched by 10 million Muslims in active prayer.
Now when you put all of this together Epstein had ritual stones from one of the oldest religions
on earth, a death bell only rung for catholic funerals and cloth from the holiest site in Islam.
The mixing of different religious traditions like this is an esoteric framework. This is how
he charged his spaces for ritualistic sex. Tomorrow I will show you how he used Crowley's exact
building plans to construct the temple on his island and it only gets weirder from here.
Subscribe to you don't miss it or you can check out my full documentary on my youtube channel.

— END —
