Or for you to understand the level of surveillance
that is happening right now, I need you to lock in
for a second.
I need you to picture a map, okay?
Picture Google Maps of your neighborhood.
You and everybody, all of your neighbors,
you and everybody in your household,
everybody you know, floating over top of your house
like Sims, there's a little arrow
and that arrow contains a trust score.
Pendant upon what that trust score is,
you could be labeled as a domestic terrorist.
So what does that number mean?
How do they gather that information?
And how do you get a good verse bad score?
Well, I'll tell you, here we go.
The CTO, Chief Technology Officer of Palantir of Meta
and two of OpenAI's chief research officers
have been sworn on as another branch
in the U.S. government called Detachment 201
as Lieutenant Colonel's.
Andrew Bosworth, Bob McGrew,
Shaim Sankir and Kevin Wheel.
What does Palantir bring to the mix?
Why would they hire him on?
Let me go with law enforcement records,
immigration files, travel records,
financial transaction, metadata, phone metadata
and alcohol records, utility usage,
license plate reader data, facial recognition,
social graphs, social network graphs
built from existing records.
What existing records?
That's where Meta comes.
Meta brings identity data, social graphs,
friends, followers, interactions,
messages, metadata, behavioral data,
like shares, comments, dwell time, scroll, speed,
content data and your sleep schedule is in there.
Photos, videos, captions, metadata, location data,
per site, GPS, if enabled.
Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, proximity, IP-based location,
off-platform data being tracking pixels.
Does Meta infer which way you lean politically?
Relationship status, income bracket, shopping intent,
health-related interest, emotional states,
pregnancy likelihood, relocation intent
and you have the two chief research execs from OpenAI,
facial recognition, any information you've ever given AI.
You guys are worried about the TikTok purchase.
They already added.
So if you research Detachment 201,
the branch in the U.S. government
and then you mosey on over to WhiteHouse.gov.
Research NSPM-7, they tell you what they're doing.
It's never been more important to absolutely do
everything in your power to lock down your data.
Get a DNS, get a VPN.
Make sure you're limiting what you are sharing.
Be careful with your verbiad.
Have a secure backup plan with people that you trust.
This goes so much to do, but you cannot fit that.
I have been looking into this for hours, hours.
I love you, drink your water.
