Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-14, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

The war between Russia and Ukraine was a war between the US financial industrial complex in Europe,
and Europe is already subordinate to the same financial industrial complex. It was an asset
strip in operation. It was to asset strip the manufacturing base of Germany. It was to make
unaffordable energy to Germany. It was to weaken the economy. They simultaneously used ESG and
renewable energy and climate change to switch off all their nuclear energy. They blew up Nord
Stream pipeline so that they couldn't get the energy that Europe needs and Germany needs to
maintain its manufacturing base, and then they bankrupted it through QE debt and COVID and investing
in brand new renewable energy where that investment was never going to succeed,
because only China could do it. Once you break Germany and the manufacturing base,
you break Europe, you do Brexit, you separate out UK, you strategically destroy every aspect of
Europe, and then you use COVA operations. In 2014, they did a regime change in Ukraine.
They ended up with Zelensky. Zelensky works for the military industrial complex.
He is literally an actor. You get the, you install Starmer, you install Mertz, you install Macron,
you give different flavors, you do the right-wing ones, you do the left-wing ones,
and their job is to create a narrative around how we're defending democracy and that you while
everyone's addicted to drugs, homeless, going through a cost of living crisis,
choosing between eating and heating, you're still okay sending three billion dollars
over to Ukraine that can spend back up into the US stop market to prop up the dollar,
or you can spend it into the German military industrial complex, but all of it is being spent
into the military industrial complex. There ain't nobody trying to stop a war right now.
Russia will own Ukraine and the financial industrial complex will own the rest of it,
and that was pre-planned.

— END —
