Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-04, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

This is 100% proof that they do not want you to know what is real and what is not.
Yesterday, I posted this clip of Marco Rubio, the Secretary of State declaring that if you
criticize Israel, the United States will revoke your visa. We have implemented a vigorous new visa
policy that will prevent foreign nationals from coming to the United States to foment hatred
against our Jewish community and woke up this morning to a community note claiming that this
video of Marco Rubio is AI and that he did not say this. If he didn't say this, it's irresponsible
to post it. And I'm just like, yo, this is the transcript from the official state department
website. He says, quote, we must stand in solidarity with Israel. We have implemented a vigorous new
visa policy that will prevent foreign nationals from coming to the United States to foment hatred
against our Jewish community. We are holding international organizations and nations accountable
for rhetoric against Israel. This is verbatim, what he said in the clip. It's all right there,
100% not AI. So I started to do a little digging to try to figure out what the heck is going on
here. Remember this lady, the Israeli AI policy expert talking about how they can use AI to quote
unquote, correct the digital world, which means that instead of trying to control the whole world
and trying to somehow manage what's happening in this big blog of Wikipedia and social media,
we can go directly to the companies with clear technical and advocacy solutions for the first
time. They're the path to correcting the digital world. They really don't beat the stereotypes,
do they? Anyway, the way community notes works is that it allows everyday users, quote unquote,
to go in and say add helpful context facts or corrections to posts. And they say this is not
managed by the corporate staff, but is actually approved by a community of contributors using a
consensus algorithm. Now that sounds like something that you can bot. In fact, Netanyahu and his allies
have been caught using armies of bots to influence social media discourse as reported in the times
of Israel. So you can imagine one account writes the community note claiming that the very real
video that I posted a Marco Rubio is AI. And then a bunch of bots swarm in and create this
consensus to say, yep, thank you so much. Super helpful. You see, AI is now becoming a tool for
them to muddy the waters. Because guess what? The entire campaign against Israel isn't coming from
the fact that we don't like Jews or we don't like Israel. It's coming from all of us collectively
viewing these horrific videos, tens of not hundreds of thousands of people being blown up,
a genocide broadcast in 4k, and then political leaders saying the most dystopian shit. And then
all of a sudden now they can go, Nope, that didn't happen. We didn't say that. It was AI. This is
literally 1984. The party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears. It was their final
and most essential command.

— END —
