Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-07-02, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

There's a lot of fucked up stuff in the Epstein files.
Weird stuff, very creepy disturbing stuff that Epstein probably was doing some cannibalism.
Stuff that basically proves that Pizza Gate was in fact true.
People know about Anthony Wiener, who was involved in the Pizza Gate scandal,
and there was like a supposedly file on his computer that shows Hillary Clinton cutting a face off a child and wearing it as a mask.
Whether or not that's real or not, we don't know.
But basically all the stuff with the Podesta brothers, who by the way is publicly known
they have statues of the Dahmer victims, corpses in their house.
What the hell? All the stuff with them being pedophiles, that's basically all now confirmed.
And Epstein, obviously clearly his pedophile, probably was involved in some cannibalism stuff.
Look up the word beef jerky in the Epstein files, do I get a sense?
They talk a lot about all the jerky they're eating and how they got to refrigerate it and stuff.
It's very disturbing. You don't refrigerate beef jerky.
There's no photos or videos or evidence to absolutely eat beef jerky.
It seems like they were involved in the ritual sacrifice in cannibalism.
Which to be clear is not a rare thing amongst ruling classes.
The Nazis did that stuff.
There's a direct link through Operation Paperclip of the Nazi ideologues being brought in to the US government,
not just for the rocket program, but also for the social control.
Also to teach the US how to run a proper intelligence agency because the OSS,
the precursor to the CIA, didn't really work the way it needed to to run a global empire.
So they learned a lot.
My point is to explain that there's some naive and backwards conspiracy theories that do exist
about this, but those are no reason to dismiss a square and grounded Marxist analysis about the
needs of the US ruling class managing a global empire, to have stuff on the books,
and off the books to have secret decision-making.
Which goes behind the backs or outside of the realms of official legal control and
outside of the official channels of power.
And let's be real, you guys saw Biden.
I mean that man said we defeated Medicaid and maybe the one of the greatest televised
live fails of all time in his debate with Trump.
I mean he was not running the presidency.
And Trump is getting pretty surreal in his talking points, not just about the Iran War,
but he's kind of clearly losing it.
We know that the presidents don't make all the decisions and that there's a whole
institutional structure behind it and there's stuff off the books, so this shouldn't be so surprising.

— END —
