Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-02, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

All right.
So there's been a lot of talk over the past 24 to 36 hours about section 224 of the 2027
National Defense Authorization Act.
Now section 224 was forced into the NDAA by Congressman Ronnie Jackson from Texas.
And before he was a member of Congress, Ronnie Jackson was the White House physician under
the first Trump administration.
He was actually accused of turning the first Trump White House into a massive pill mill.
But let's stay on topic here.
We've got much bigger fish to fry today regarding the occupation of this country and the installation,
not just of a foreign military, but a foreign surveillance state over the American people.
Because if you actually look in to section 224, you'll find it listed among the top priorities
of the U.S. Congress.
It's not just merging American troops and American military hardware with Israel.
It's merging America's AI infrastructure and autonomous weapons systems with Israel
as well.
They keep telling us that all these data centers, thousands of them, they're vital to national
security.
Well now under the 2027 NDAA, Israel will gain access to them, which has always been the
plan.
These data centers, they aren't about powering chat GPT on your smartphone.
They aren't about keeping you safe.
They're about powering a surveillance state that reports back to greater Israel.
The Talmudic Superstate that Americans are paying for right now in blood and treasure.
The government just admitted this morning more Americans had been wounded, likely more
killed in the Middle East as this war for Israel drags on.
And if you don't like this data center overhaul, if you don't like this merger with Israel,
then the Department of Homeland Security, the FBI, the Department of Defense, they will
flag your Palantir profile, they will label you a national security threat, and they will
share that information with their foreign friends.
This isn't a conspiracy theory, this is congressional legislation, active congressional legislation
completely surrendering American sovereignty and American humanity to a foreign country.

— END —
