Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-08, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

This is day one of me trying to convince you that Jeffrey Epstein was performing sex magic rituals
to summon entities using the methods of Alstra Crowley. And this is all documented in the
Epstein files, but the trail is not obvious on first read. The files contain emails where Epstein
directs his staff to drive out into the New Mexico desert and steal ancient Pueblo petroglyphs,
and he wants them to bring these petroglyphs back to his home. Petroglyphs are basically large rocks
with ancient carvings on them that have religious significance. The earliest email that we have
about this is from 2001, and this is eight years before his Florida arrest. He continued to gather
these stones for almost 20 years. So why was he doing this? There is an esoteric principle
called the Law of Contagion. The basic idea is that sacred objects like petroglyphs absorb and
store the religious energy of everyone who has ever prayed or channeled energy into them.
And the more sacred the object, the bigger the spiritual charge. These rocks were one of several
religious artifacts that Epstein collected over his life. All of them point towards specific
esoteric rituals based on the work of Alstra Crowley. I know this sounds crazy, but it can
actually be proven based on his book purchases, and I'll explain that in a later video. But as it
pertains to these particular petroglyphs, there is an email that was leaked supposedly from a
Jeffrey Epstein staff member turned whistleblower who alleged that two foreign girls were buried
in the hills where these petroglyphs are found. He says that quote, both died by strangulation
during rough fetish sex, and they were buried on the orders of Jeffrey and Madam G. He also
sent video links that allegedly proved this, but they are now redacted. This email is why New Mexico
is supposedly searching the grounds for evidence of this crime. The petroglyphs are just the first
object that Epstein collected for this purpose. Tomorrow I'll tell you about a Catholic funeral
bell that went missing for almost a century, and suddenly it ends up at Jeffrey Epstein's home.
Subscribe so you don't miss it, or you can check out my full documentary on my YouTube channel.

— END —
