Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-07-02, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Oh my god. Wait a second, Dave. Can you Google Sullivan and Cromwell Dulles?
I'm really gonna lose it if this can shows up.
Jay Clayton has some long-standing ties. We'll say around.
You're speck here.
In Jeffrey Epstein's situation, ironically, as part of his resignation as CEO,
his being Leon Black Hollow announced that Leon would remain chairman of the Hollow Board of Directors
as he remained the firm's largest shareholder. He got charged, he got power.
That arrangement lasted for about two more months. On March 22nd, 2021, Rowan succeeded Leon
and Leon stepped down as chairman of the board. You want to guess who replaced him?
Who was it in Leinman?
Jay Clayton, the former chairman of the SEC and Sullivan and Cromwell attorney.
Oh my god.
Can we Google Jay Clayton real fast?
The latest job description.
I'm Jay Clayton. The United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York.
Where was Jay Clayton?
Well, wait a second, Dave. Can you Google Sullivan and Cromwell Dulles?
I think I'm thinking of the wrong one. Oh my god, I'm not thinking of the wrong one.
The Dulles brothers, John Foster and Allen, were powerhouse partners at the Wall Street Law firm.
Sullivan and Cromwell before shaping U.S. foreign policy during the 1950s and whacking
a sitting United States president in 1963 needed a hearing noise.
There it out. Can you go one more thing for me, Joseph?
Do you feel a little bit so I'm really going to lose it if this can show us out.
Can you Google Sullivan and Cromwell Treaty of Versailles?
Please don't tell me they were there.
The connection between the law firm Sullivan and Cromwell and the Treaty of Versailles
rests primarily on John Foster, dollars who later served as President Eisenhower's
Secretary of State dollars helped draft critical financial reparations portions of
treaty during the 1919 Paris Peace Conference. Was he a member of Sullivan and Cromwell at the time?
Oh, fire me up. Yes, he was a member of Sullivan and Cromwell during the 1919 Paris
but you can't make this. It all comes back to this stuff.
Fast forward all the way. You got Jay Clayton working right at this firm and succeeding.
Leon Black is Chairman of the Board and is now Southern District of New York,
United States Attorney, as appointed by Donald J. Trump.
His administration is overseeing release of these files or not releases of a lot of these files.
It's a George Carlin moment for the billions of time on this show,
Joey Dief, to correct the late great George Carlin.
It's a little club. And you and I ain't in it.

— END —
