Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-26, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

I call this in 2008. I said Epstein was a fake billionaire. He was a Mossad operation.
He was an upgrade to the Ghislaine Maxwell prostitution ring that included children. Ghislaine Maxwell
is a daughter of Robert Maxwell who got a state funeral for being the most famous Mossad
agent in history. So the media today is not covering the fact that Epstein was funded
by Les Wexner who was bisexual and who may have funded 9-11. It's not covering the fact
that CIA and that it's a Mossad operation. It's not covering the fact that CIA and the FBI were
complicit from day one and have been sharing the take. And finally, the media is absolutely not
covering the fact that Epstein is just one of 50 Mossad, pedophilia and trapman operations
across the United States of America. There are 49 others, all of them protected by the FBI.
Epstein was basically a penniless moron who couldn't graduate from college and they placed him in a
school and then they sheep dipped him at Bear Stearns and then Les Wexner who appears to have
had an affair with him then funded him as a fake billionaire and that was the launch. Now Epstein
wasn't smart enough to actually run a prostitution ring. That's all Ghislaine Maxwell, okay? Ghislaine
Maxwell, as best I can tell from secondary sources, was running a prostitution ring for the Mossad in
New York City and included children but they needed a boy and bring people in and kind of basically
take it up to the presidential level. And so Jeffrey Epstein was managed by Ghislaine Maxwell.
And one of the things people don't understand is that the Mossad doesn't just blackmail people
for political influence and for money for Israel. They also blackmail corporate chiefs and others
to gain special access to the computers so that they can plant backdoors. This is how Robert Maxwell
made his name with a software program called Promise that installed backdoors and all these
government computers. They use these computer backdoors to get advanced knowledge to do insider
trading. The greatest practitioner and enemy of the United States in the industrial espionage
arena is not China or Russia or France or Germany. It's Israel and Great Britain. And one final point
these 27 states that passed a law making it a felony to call for a boycott in Israel. Do you think
they passed that because it was a good idea or do you think they passed that because all of them
are being bribed and half of them are being blackmailed by the Mossad for pedophilia?

— END —
