Buckle up, bro, because this shit is absolutely insane.
So, I took some notes here, so I remember what to say.
So, in 1893, this guy named Ingersoll Lockwood
wrote a three-part book series, right?
The first one is called Travels and Adventures of Little Baron Trump.
The second one is called Baron Trump's Marvelous Underground Journey.
And the third one is called The Last President, all right?
In the first book, Little Baron Trump lives in Jerome Picasso in Germany.
And he finds a manuscript by a man named Don Fum that leads to underground tunnels in Russia
that have portals to other dimensions, okay?
The first two books are just about Baron Trump and his dog
like exploring all these weird dimensions, right?
But this is where it really gets weird, bro.
In the third book, The Last President, Don Fum uses these portals
to become a controversial president who lives on Fifth Avenue in New York.
And he basically ruins the price of gold and super controversial and ruins everything.
His vice president's name is Pence, bro.
That shit is absolutely crazy, but it gets even crazier, bro.
Ingersoll Lockwood lived on the exact same street as Nikola Tesla
when he wrote this book series.
At the very same time that he was living on this street with Nikola Tesla,
Nikola Tesla was claiming that he invented time travel.
Like he did, I was saying, I'm about to make freaking time travel in portals
and we're about to do it.
And a little bit after, he mysteriously dies in a hotel.
And all of his blueprints, all of his inventions are in his hotel when he dies.
Guess who gets sent along with the CIA to pick up his blueprints?
John G. Trump, Trump's literal blood on Cobra.
Think about it, bro.
It gets even deeper, though.
Warner Von Braun, a Nazi scientist, by the way,
founder of NASA, wrote a book called Project Mars in 1953
about a man named Elon who takes everyone to Mars.
The founder of NASA.
And now Trump and Tesla are working together.
We got space and time. Think about a fifth avenue right by Times Square.
I'm telling you, dog, this is a simulation, bro.
