Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-19, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Epstein got herpes from kissing a black dude in jail. He was low-T according to blood work.
He couldn't get his dick hard and he had an egg-shaped penis. He watched Five Nights at
Freddy's Rule 34, Freddy Fazbear, shared it with friends. He had a wall-sized portrait of child
portrait. He donated $190,000 to child trans surgery and trans research, including two doctors
in one institute. He exchanged gore and torture videos, on email exchanged child abuse material
of nine and ten-year-olds. He imprisoned a woman on a New Mexico ranch and forced her to give birth,
stealing the babies upon birth. He admitted to being a sex trafficker in an email recounting
a story with a woman where her face goes pale upon learning who he is. He boarded CIA planes,
entered CIA's sensitive compartment information facility. He must have had intelligence connections
to do so. FBI confidential human sources say he was trained by Mossad. Multiple intel sources
like Ari Ben Monasti claimed he was trained by Mossad. He had over a dozen high-level connections
in the Israeli government. He was friends with Isaac Herzog, the current president of Israel.
Friends with Ehud Barak, Ehud Olmert, Shimon Kres, and Yoni Corin.
Prime ministers of Israel and a Mossad agent. He claimed to represent the Rothschilds. He called
him and said you work while he gets rich. People are so irony-poisoned that they don't take
anything seriously. Or they take a stance as a joke and then more information comes out and then
their stance looks really bad. And so rather than admit they were wrong, they just keep defending
it. Imagine that you're nine years old. You like watching Cartoon Network. You like having
Nerf gun battles with your friends. An adult strip you naked and take photographs of you.
That's what we've seen in the emails. Then they make you give a man a massage. Well,
that's what we've seen in court cases. A man pulls his penis out and makes you play with it.
People say, well, the victims of Epstein were ages 14 to 17. That's not really true. The youngest age
for which a court was able to convict Epstein or an associate was 14. But we have evidence that
there were children that were younger involved. I'm not saying that the children were incremental
to blackmail, but there were massive high-level political schemes being made between he and his
friends. And I would say that the degeneracy is secondary to the high-level profile connections
he had. Regardless, the degeneracy is important, trafficking and child abuse is important,
and it is disgusting. There is absolutely no reason you shouldn't know who your enemies are
and understand what crimes they've committed.

— END —
