Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-06, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

The White House has quietly changed the definition of who they consider a domestic
terrorist. And before we dive in, I want to lead with the punchline. Trump ends the intro to this
document with we will find you and we will kill you. And I actually think you're going to be
surprised by who just got targeted, but we'll get to that in a moment. According to the NSPM7
document, the terrorist threat has changed. It says we face new categories and combinations of
violent actors. And three of the major groups noted are narco terrorists, Islamist terrorists,
and new here, left-wing extremists, including anarchists and anti-fascists. But here's where
things get murky and concerning. Anyone whose ideology is anti-American is now also a target.
There is no definition of anti-American, which means the government is allowed to loosely categorize
anyone they disagree with as a domestic terrorist. Negative views on anything from the war on Iran
to healthcare, to our economy. If you disagree with supporting a foreign nation with our tax
dollars, all of those things are technically anti-American. And as of today, believe it or not,
the White House has named Tucker Carlson in Nick Fontes as potential targets. You would expect
this to be a major headline on every publication. And you know who's just as surprised as you and I,
the head of counter-terrorism. He's amazed by how little negative reporting there has been.
And he's proud that they're moving so fast with all these new definitions that we cannot keep up.
He even says that it's delicious. If you want to dig deeper,
investigative journalist Ken Klippenstein has been covering this more than anyone else.
I highly suggest you read his reports. On the founder of Interval News, we're on a mission to
highlight all the stories like this, the ones that are getting suppressed or outright censored.
The really important stories you need to be following closely, because if you don't stand
up for your freedom of speech, you're going to lose it. I'll catch you in the next one.

— END —
