Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-28, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Do you ever hear the Tucker Carlson Nixon story?
No.
Okay.
So Tucker Carlson came on my podcast and he's like,
do you know that Nixon was the most popular president in history, like when he won?
He won by the biggest landslide ever, right?
And Nixon had a vice president, Spira Agnew.
Spira Agnew gets brought up on corruption charges.
So Spira Agnew has to resign.
Then they bring in Gerald Ford, who was a complete moron.
But the reason why they brought in Gerald Ford, who also, by the way, was on the Warren
Commission report, they bring in Gerald Ford to replace him.
If anything happens, right?
It's the vice president.
Then they immediately hit him with Watergate.
So Nixon did not coordinate Watergate.
Watergate was coordinated by the FBI.
It was all FBI agents that did it.
And then they brought it to him.
And what he was guilty of was saying, cover it up.
So they were talking about covering up.
He agreed to that.
And that's what they got him on.
They set him up.
Bob Woodward was an intelligence agent.
Naval spy ring.
Yes.
And his very first job as a reporter is Watergate.
Now, if you know anything about the hierarchical structure of any kind of newsroom,
there's not a fucking chance in hell.
Some rookie reporter is going to get the big story that's going to take down the
fucking president, not a chance.
And so Nixon apparently had been saying, I know who killed JFK and I know why they did it.
So yes, this is, and you know who Deep Throat was, who was basically the Bob Woodward source.
I forget.
Mark Felt, who is the deputy director of the FBI.
Right, exactly.
And then you have G Gordon Liddy probably pulling off Watergate.
Jeff Shepard, who went on Tucker Carlson Show, expounds on all this stuff.
But here's what's crazy is I think Watergate connects with the JFK assassination
per what you just said, because you know who was running,
so McGovern was running against Nixon.
And Nixon was winning by a huge margin.
He was extremely popular.
So it's like, why would he break into the DNC?
He was definitely paranoid.
What was he paranoid about?
The longtime, I guess, campaign manager for the DNC and for McGovern was a guy named Larry O'Brien.
They bugged Larry O'Brien's phone.
Larry O'Brien was Howard Hughes's longtime general counsel.
Howard Hughes was the original guy to set up the S-Force, which ended up taking out JFK.
So Nixon was so paranoid that it would get pegged on him that he took out his greatest
political opponent because he was like, oh, it's a triple bank shop, but they're going to
think it was definitely me because it's paranoid that he broke into the DNC.
Yeah.
It's not insane.
It's so insane.
It's so insane.
It's such a crazy story.

— END —
