Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-30, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

What is, what are you blowing the whistle on? That there are technologies at the
South Pole station that people can't even consider that exist on this planet.
Like what? Directed energy weapon systems is something that people need to get in
their vocabulary fast. The Ice Cube neutrino detector is not simply a passive
listening device as presented for the science that they're claiming it to do.
It also has the capacity to transmit. There are embedded in the ice, what are
called digital optical modules, doms. They're about the size of a basketball.
The array embedded in the ice is one kilometer by one kilometer by one
kilometer. It is the world's largest telescope and now because we have proven
that it can transmit, it's the world's largest directed energy weapon system. It
is responsible for the earthquakes in Christchurch, New Zealand in 2011 on the
front end of the year. How do you know for a fact that that was responsible for
that? Because I was present and I have gone over this with the pertinent people
that I will not be releasing their names. Okay. But I was on the team let's just
say and I've confirmed this. Well I provide a documentation from the actual
manufacturer's specs. So this unit was constructed, operated, and maintained by
the University of Wisconsin and just like every other device on the planet
whether you're driving an M1 Abrams tank or operating the Ice Cube neutrino
detector, there's operators manuals that tell you how things work. The
telescope? Absolutely. It is a neutrino detector for sure. It can accomplish its
primary purpose. It can also transmit and then provide a multifaceted platform
for directed energy weapon systems. The system, additionally in regards to the
neutrinos, it detects the neutrinos that are apparently coming off of the new
exotic propulsion systems for either off world UFOs or reverse engineered stuff
on our planet. What is neutrino? Neutrino is a near massless particle that goes at
close or beyond the speed of light. It is so small that it can pass between the
electron shell and the nucleus of pretty much every atom on the planet. In the
capacity of being detected at the South Pole Station, when the neutrino
impacts the nucleus of the water molecule of the ice and the glaciers at the
polar reaction occurs. The nucleus and the neutrino become destroyed. A muon is
created and ejected in a blue flash of light known as Cherenkoff radiation
flashes in the ice and that's with the doms. The digital optical modules are
detecting. That's their primary purpose as presented. Just like we have all the
other air traffic on the planet and it's being completely observed and attended
to, there's just another level of craft on this planet and another level of air
traffic control tower that exists. This is that facility.

— END —
