Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-09-06, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Is American democracy under threat because of this stuff?
Under threat.
Does it exist, Mark?
I don't think it exists.
It's a veneer.
It's the end of the Roman Empire.
You have the symbols, the iconography,
and the language of a democracy.
But internally, corporations and oligarchs
have seized all the levers of power.
I looked at this election as a battle between corporatists
and oligarchs.
Corporatists, the Democrats, they want something very different
from oligarchs.
Corporatists want stability.
They want decorum, the kind of decorum that Obama had,
or Bush had, or Bush was an idiot.
But at least he had some, they could clean him up a little bit.
And Biden, whatever his cognitive failings were,
because they want stability, especially in terms
of trade agreements, because they make investments overseas,
takes a while for a return on a profit.
Corporatists want something different from oligarchs.
And oligarchs are about chaos.
They're about, as Steve Bannon said,
deconstructing the administrative state.
Why?
Because it is a pure form of raunchier capitalism.
And by that, I mean that they make their money
by setting up toll booths, Amazon, all
of these digital media platforms.
It's not about producing goods.
And the more that the state is deconstructed,
that's why they want to abolish the Department of Education.
Everything that we need as a civil society
becomes privatized.
And you see it in, I wrote a book called America the Farewell
Tour begins in Scranton, Pennsylvania,
where everything, the sewer systems privatize,
the parking authority is privatized,
the electricity is privatized.
And of course, they've jacked up the rates.
And the services are not very good.
And they want to privatize the post office.
So we can have dysfunctional post office like the UK,
which is privatized.
And so that's what oligarchs want.
And the oligarchs have won.
They won.
But that's what this battle was about.
In terms of if we strip away the kind of trivia
or the cultural differences between the two parties at its core
was what it's about.
And so we have, as you point out, now an oligarchic system.
But as Aristotle wrote, once you create an oligarchic system
with those kinds of inequities, then
you are only two choices are tyranny or revolution.

— END —
