And it should be, should be.
I'd like to introduce Eric Hecker.
He's a Raytheon contractor based for about a year at the South Pole.
He was involved in a neutrino light array.
He has an enormous amount of information, but in the interest of time, we'll be brief.
Thank you, Mr. Hecker.
Hello, everybody.
Ladies, gentlemen, members of the press, I'm very happy that you're giving me this attention
and this information attention because it needs to get out to the world.
I will start since we have to be brief.
I have already given all pertinent information and supporting documentation to the Senate
Intelligence Committee and Arrow.
They informed me that all of my information will be recorded for public record and shared
with Congress.
It is that important.
In 2010, I was selected to go down to the South Pole Station in Antarctica for an entire
year by Raytheon Polar Services as an employee of a third-party contractor for the National
Science Foundation.
I function in a dual role capacity as a tradesman and a firefighter.
My responsibilities required me to be more informed than most of my crew and offered
me complete access to the facilities.
What I learned from this unique experience needs to be shared with the entire world.
The technology at the South Pole Station certainly can do what it is presented as its
primary purposes and, unfortunately, much more.
The Ice Cube neutrino detector is presented as a passive listening device for the purposes
of the science as presented, but I'm going to skip right through the chase, folks.
I have provided documentation that proves that the 5,160, what they call doms that are
embedded in the ice can actually transmit at 2,047 volts each.
That gives us a long list of things to consider.
It is effectively a multifaceted, directed energy weapons platform that I will list rapidly
a few things that it can do.
Vehicle detection.
We're learning that these off-world craft, on-world craft, hours, or other nations are
also emitting neutrinos.
So this makes the South Pole Station effectively an air traffic control station for this new
level of equipment that nobody's discussing.
In addition to the ability to detect neutrinos and the exotic vehicles, I have provided
documentation that shows that this is also a system for faster than light communications.
In the past, Gary McKinnon has hacked NASA, found the off-world fleet, the list of captains,
and it's apparent that if we have faster than light vehicles moving throughout the
system, we're going to need faster than light communications.
This is that facility.
Unfortunately, I have other bad news.
The season that I was there, 2010 to 2011, we converted from construction to operations
and maintenance in both the elevated station and the detector array.
Unfortunately, when they first fired it up, that was when we had the earthquakes in Christ
Church, New Zealand.
There was two incidental shots before they were able to target it correctly.
This is an earthquake generating device as well.
This is the weapons of war that we have to deal with now and what Ray Theon's hiding.
There's an ELF system at the South Pole Station that when I was arrived, I was told it was
off, dismantled, and completely defunct.
In my work, I will rapidly just tell you I had to figure out the circuitry for certain
other repairs, and I found that this system is, in fact, completely energized up and running
and being utilized with the other systems for nefarious purposes as well.
The Atmospheric Research Observatory is in what we call the clean air sector.
I witnessed myself a very powerful green laser shooting out of the top of this facility into
the cosmos.
This I believe is a secondary form of long-range communications and or a defense system.
I am not saying that we need to be scared of anything that's out there, but please
understand the military industrial complex is happy to invest all of your money in alleviating
their fears.
A question of power comes into play for all of these facilities that are present.
I assure you, I knew what was going on, I knew the load demands of the facility, and
all of these new items exceed the demand for the systems that I was presented.
I am doing due diligence and research, I believe there is either secondary power supply there
that is either nuclear, that was there prior to the start of the Antarctic Treaty, which
prohibits such things, and or that there is some sort of exotic power supply system there
that just is not in the verbiage of the treaty, so it negates the responsibility to the parties
involved.
I think that pretty much covers it for time.
If anybody wants to find out more, I have a website where all this information is at
for brevity, I will wrap it up, but you can go to deciphering.tv, I have documented all
this stuff, and information is available.
