Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-07-10, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

If you don't think we're being blasted by all kinds of radio waves and electromagnetic radiation,
watch this clip from 2017 about smart meters. And we now have vast amounts of published science
on microwave radiation and health effects. The data we're going to look at are all published
science testing results or public standards. At the bottom end of the radiation scale of what's
called power density or signal strength is the minimum level at which cell phones will work,
which was found to be 0.2 billionths of a micro watt per centimeter squared. Pi needles were found
to age prematurely at 0.00027. At short-term exposures of 0.05, children aged 8 to 17
experienced headache, irritation, concentration difficulties, and behavioral problems.
0.1 is the bowel biology or building biology guideline for extreme concern.
1.0 produced sperm DNA fragmentation and a decrease in sperm viability in vitro.
Also at 1.0, the science shows the following bodily effects can occur. Headaches, dizziness,
fatigue, insomnia, chest pain, difficulty breathing, and indigestion.
2.5 saw altered calcium metabolism and heart muscle cells. 4.0 changes in the hippocampus
affecting brain memory and learning, and at 6.0 DNA damage and cells. So where are smart meters on
this list? Electrical Power Institute in December 2010 measured a single-itron smart meter with
pulses up to 7.93 micro watts per centimeter squared. Our own testing indicated approximately
8.0 with one meter. These tests are at a close distance approximately one foot away from the
meter, but an infant's crib can be just as close on the other side of the wall where the meter or
bank of meters are installed. Even though there are all these known health effects at levels far
lower, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, and Luxembourg see fit to set the standard at 9.5 and China,
Poland, and Russia, 10.0. This is the same level at which behavior has been altered,
producing reflexes of avoidance following 30-minute exposures.
A room of 12 smart meters, very common and even a conservative number in an apartment building,
tested at 19.8 micro watts per centimeter squared. This is hundreds of times higher than levels
which clearly indicate harmful effects. So how can utilities and governments get away with
forcing these devices on everyone? This is how. In Canada and the US and several other civilized
countries, the safety limit is set at 600 to 1000 micro watts per centimeter squared.
This so-called safety limit is literally tens of thousands of times higher than levels which are
known to damage health, according to peer-reviewed published science.

— END —
