Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-09-12, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

I'm about to tell you something that most people don't know.
On September 11, 2001, the father of the president, a former president himself, attended a meeting
with Osama bin Laden's older brother the morning of the attack.
That's right, you heard me correctly.
On the morning of September 11, 2001, at the Ritz Carlton in Washington, D.C., former president
George H.W. Bush was at the Karlao Group Investor Conference.
Shafiq bin Laden, Osama's half brother, was there too, representing Saudi bin Laden group.
The bin Laden family had invested $2 million into Karlao, the firm where Bush seniors served
as a senior advisor.
What I'm telling you is that the father of the sitting U.S. president was in the same
room as bin Laden's brother on the morning of the attack.
But it doesn't end there.
After the attacks, the bin Laden family, including members the FBI had flagged, was flown out
of the country on charted jets when every other plane in the country was grounded.
The FBI closed its investigation into the family in weeks.
No charges, no trial, and while George Bush Sr. was helping the bin Laden family escape
the United States, his son George W. Bush, the current president at the time, was helping
to focus America's rage at Israel's enemies.
Thirteen years later, the United States government under Barack Obama reported that they had
sent a team to kill Osama bin Laden, an operation they claimed was successful.
The American people were given no hard evidence.
The Navy SEALs who were involved in the operation all have different accounts, and several of
them claim to have been the one that killed Osama bin Laden himself.
Instead of providing any evidence whatsoever or independent verification, the United States
government said that they dumped Osama bin Laden's remains in the deepest parts of the ocean.
Now tell me, are you buying any of this absolute bullshit?

— END —
