Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-13, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Former colleague, yours, Matt Gaetz, making some pre-shocking statements yesterday about
aliens.
Take a look.
I had someone come and brief me who was in a military uniform, worked for the United
States Army that was briefing me on the locations of hybrid breeding programs where captured
aliens were breeding with humans to create some hybrid race that could engage in intergalactic
communication.
Aliens that were living were enforced breeding programs with humans that had been abducted
from war zones and from even the caravans of migrants.
All right.
I don't know if the tin foil had on just yet, Congressman, but I'm wondering how you react
to that because you are connected, you're on the UFO subcommittee.
I'm just wondering what you make of that.
Have you heard anything like that?
Well, I'm still a member of Congress.
So I can't really comment too much on what Matt said, but I will say this.
Wait, seriously?
Are you being serious?
Or is that?
Being 100% serious.
I've been 100% serious.
I've been briefed by just about every alphabet agency there is.
And I'll just tell you this, if they would release the things that I've seen, you would
stay up at night worrying about or thinking about this stuff.
We just need to disclose it and all.
I'm sick of it.
Well, I was I was brief.
I was just saying this.
I was brief last week on an issue or excuse me two weeks ago.
And it would have set the earth on it.
This country would have come uncluted, I think, if they would have heard all that I heard,
they would demand answers and we need to.
But, you know, it's never going to get unfortunately, it just keeps getting covered
up and covered up and the people that know are dying or disappearing as the case may
be.
Wow.
And for the record, I'm not suicidal and I don't take risks.
I'm glad you said that.
I'm speechless.
Congressman.
You should be.
You shouldn't be.
I am.
And I told the president release it all.
And the problem is the people that are around the president don't know the president doesn't
know the questions to ask.
A few of us are going to have to get with the president and tell him what he needs to ask
and where he needs to look.
I mean, you know, we're in meetings and they have addresses until locations of items, I
would just say.
And the public has a right to know that gamut.
It's your tax dollars.
Absolutely.
You got my attention, Congressman.
I appreciate you being as forthcoming as you have been tonight and we look forward to having
you back.
Donald Trump wants to disclose something.
He hasn't done it yet, but I think he wants to be the president to do that.
Tim Burch it.
He does.
He does.

— END —
