Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-07-04, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

So I thought I lost this video for good, but I found it. You might want to save it.
It began when this woman was watching the Twin Towers burning from her apartment in New Jersey.
She noticed three men on top of a van, posing for pictures with the towers burning in the background.
And I could see that they were like happy. You know, they didn't look shot to me.
You know, they didn't look shot.
The witness called police, who stopped the van hours later and arrested five men.
All five, it turns out, were Israeli. They were turned over to the FBI.
Sources tell ABC News. During a check of national security databases, some of the men were listed as having had connections with Israeli intelligence.
The men said they were just taking pictures at the time. They said they worked for a company called Urban Moving.
The FBI obtained a search warrant for the company's offices.
Not long after the arrests, the offices of Urban Moving were simply abandoned. Almost everything was left behind.
In jail, the five Israelis were repeatedly interrogated and given lie detector tests.
Chew Val Aviv is a counterterrorism advisor to the U.S. Congress, but was once a spy for Israel's Secret Service Mossad.
He says Urban Moving was a front company for Israeli intelligence.
According to the FBI, two of those movers were identified as Mossad agents.
The driver of the moving van, Sivan Kurzberg. We are Israeli. We are not your problem.
Your problems are our problems. The Palestinians are the problem.
FBI reports confirmed that the men were not taking somber pictures of a horrific event.
When their 76 pictures were developed, they revealed the men had indeed been celebrating,
smiling, hugging each other and high-fiving.
One of the pictures even featured Sivan Kurzberg holding a lighter up with the burning tower in the background.
They lied to the police about where they had been that morning.
They were carrying plane tickets for immediate departure to different places around the globe.
The FBI confirmed that two of the men had ties to Israeli intelligence
and came to suspect that they had indeed been on a mission for the Mossad.
The FBI reports show how the men gave confused and often conflicting accounts of when and how they learned about what was happening
and when they arrived at the parking lot.
Odette Elner even said they had arrived there shortly after 8 a.m.,
which would have been 45 minutes before the attacks even began.
This is in line with one of the eyewitnesses that had placed their urban moving systems van at the parking lot at 8 a.m.
They were immediately transferred to federal custody, held for 71 days and then deported back to Israel.
Don't worry, they were just spying on Arab terrorists.
And while the FBI or certain sources might believe that in fact they were Israeli intelligence,
they don't believe that the U.S. was a target that they were actually investigating Muslim groups?
They believe if this was a...

— END —
