Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-07-30, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

The SV40 sequences, they should not be there.
They don't need to be there to grow this into bacteria.
I don't think it's an accident.
They could have chosen another plasmid that did not have the SV40 sequences.
If these sequences sit above an oncogene and they're promiscuous, that means they are
likely to integrate in places more likely than other genetic inserts.
And they can cause cancer.
Insertional mutagenesis anyway causes cancer.
We never needed these vaccines.
We had treatments that worked at Hydroxychloroquine, and I've remaked, and I can tell you, as
a toxicologist, they are not toxic.
They're some of the safest drugs you can use.
There's no reason once the FDA found out about this contamination.
And we all redacted.
Why would you redact them if you were trying to be transparent?
Why would you hold the data for 75 years?
All of the clinical data.
The SV40 sequences, if you recall, the SV40 virus was a contaminant of the polio vaccines.
It is thought that that contamination of the virus, which is oncogenic, caused many
of the cancers for the next several decades from the people in the people that received
these vaccines.
You just heard Dr. Jancy Lindsay expose SV40, a cancer-causing ingredient found in vaccines.
What she revealed isn't just a new discovery.
It's the same ingredient that contaminated the polio vaccine in the 50s and 60s, causing
cancers for decades.
This is a historical pattern.
I call it Wash Rins Repeat Cycle.
The pharmaceutical companies and chemical companies are backed by the government.
They push products with devastating consequences with no repercussions.
What we just listened to is a perfect example of what they did in the 50s and 60s, and
they did it again with the COVID-19 and keep doing it with all these childhood vaccinations.
And there's no repercussions.
It's the same playbook every time.
This is precisely why I do what I do.
I went to law school, spent four years learning, and took the bar, all to gain a better edge
on helping you reclaim your knowledge, your freedom, and your rights.
This is about how you want to lead your family and how you want to change this world.
When you walk into that pediatrician's office without the right information and let your
child be injected, you are changing the trajectory of that child's life.
You have a choice.
You can turn the other way, let the pharmaceutical companies win, and inject poisons into your
child, or you can understand exactly what is happening and what you are doing.
Because we aren't just stewards for our families.
We are stewards for this earth and for future generations, and we can change how things
are run.
It's time to ask questions.
It's time to understand what is truly happening.
It's time to be a steward for your family and for this world.
Don't let them win.
Please message me.
Find out how I can help you make truly informed vaccine and health decisions for your family.

— END —
