Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-27, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Wake up from the psychosis of a perspective that you have been manipulated into.
Yeah, we're about to talk about 9-11.
And no, not the fake narrative that baby boomers have loved to defend.
I've attached every source I use in this video down below,
and I implore you to go and look into them.
As always, what we're going to do is simply follow the money.
Because following the money is the first step to seeing through the veil.
The money moved before the towers fell.
And money doesn't move for no reason.
A quick concept you need to be familiar with first.
Put options.
A put option is a bet that a stock or company is about to crash.
If it crashes, you profit.
So if someone knew that something horrible was about to happen,
instead of them panicking, if they were in this world,
they would simply position themselves.
September 6th, 2001.
Put options on United Airlines parent company spiked to over 3,301 day.
Put options on American Airlines skyrocket to over 4,000.
What does the normal daily volume look like?
It's at around 27 trades a day.
So this is up 285 times the amount.
And it's targeting the exact airlines involved in the attack.
No other airlines showed the same pattern or spike or put call.
Not nothing.
But here's the thing.
It wasn't just airlines.
Companies tied directly to the World Trade Center showed the exact same patterns.
Morgan Stanley, around 80 times normal put activity in the days before.
Merrill Lynch, over 12,000 put options in the four days before the attack.
These are different companies with the same direction and the exact same time in.
This is where it gets important.
And in advance, please excuse my butchering of these names.
The data we just talked about was independently studied.
Alan M. Poshman published in the Journal of Business that he found that these trades
ranked in the 99th percentile of all historic options activity.
That meant that the data was consistent with these investors being informed and having
pre-existing knowledge.
Mark Chasney, Romeo Camarelli, and Loreno Mancini identified 13 abnormal trading events
specifically controlled for hedging.
Meaning they ruled out normal risk management explanations.
Wing Kong Wang, Howard E. Thompson, and Chai Wang Huang analyzed broader market behavior
using the S&P 500 and found statistically significant spikes and fear indicators
before the attacks that could not be explained.
That is three separate studies with three separate research teams all coming up with
the same exact conclusion.
This was not normal market behavior.
So the next question is pretty simple.
Where did these trades go?
Well, a large portion, actually the majority of the portions of trades,
went through one singular brokerage, Alex Brown.
That firm was led by A.B. Congrad, who was the CEO by 1991, the chairman by 1994,
and later became the director of the CIA.
By 2001, he was overseeing all daily operations in the CIA.
So the brokerage connected to a major cluster of these trades.
It was built by someone running operations in the CIA.
I had to split up this video into two separate parts because of the length of it,
but the full video is pinned at the top of my profile and you can watch it right now.

— END —
