Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-07-26, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Most people have heard of Palantir by now, and obvious tool of the surveillance state.
Facebook might not be as obvious as Palantir, but they're two of the same.
TIA, Total Information Awareness, was a post-9-11 DARPA concept that is due real logo,
and it was designed to aggregate every piece of data on every single person in the United States,
emails, financial records, all communications, travel, behaviors into one centralized analysis
system. This program was defunded by Congress in 2003 due to it being unconstitutional.
Peter Teal and Alex Carp then met with John Poindexter, the architect of TIA,
and he also worked with Dick Carlson, Tucker's dad, and John connected Carp and Teal to the CIA.
The CIA then invested a seed of $2 million into Palantir.
The CIA was Palantir's first and only customer for the first five years of its existence,
and then they branched out to the NSA, FBI, and JP Morgan.
Palantir is TIA, just privatized. Palantir generates targeting data for the Israeli
military and the US one now, and it was inside DHS, NCTC, the State Department, and the Pentagon.
Lifelong was another DARPA program. It was an ontology-based program designed to capture,
store, and detail the complete flow of one person's experience. Every phone number dialed,
every message sent or received, every email viewed, step taken, place visited, every personal
accomplishment, every relationship changed. The goal was to trace all of the threads of an
individual's life. It was canceled by DARPA on February 4, 2004, amid the same congressional
privacy concerns as TIA. Mark Zuckerberg launched Facebook on the same day, February 4,
2004, a social media platform designed to extract the exact same information that Lifelong intended
to. Peter Teal was Facebook's first outside investor. In 2015, the program manager for Lifelong
Douglas Gage said that the program was canceled due to privacy backlash, but the private sector
achieved similar data collection goals through platforms like Facebook. They made surveillance
a fun social thing, and now people post their entire lives on the internet. There were at least
nine of these DARPA programs that were privatized in order to operate without congressional oversight.
SMISC, social media and strategic communications, was another one, and that was revealed in 2011.
It studied how social media can be used for propaganda and influence operations,
high memetic theory, and developed tools for detecting persuasion campaigns and building
systems for understanding how influence spreads through social networks. This became Cambridge
and Lettica, meta's political advertising platform. Government influence operations literally
just privatized. Not to mention, Teal and Zuckerberg both sit on the Presidential Council
of Advisors on Science and Technology. Communicator was another one designed to create multi-modal
speech-enabled dialogue systems, aka computers that could understand and respond to natural
spoken language. This enabled soldiers to interact with information systems and combat
environments without keyboards or screens, and this then became Apple's Siri, which launched in
2011, and was built on DARPA-funded SRI international research. It's also Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant,
every voice-activated device that is continuously listening by design. Once again, they make
surveillance fun, and then everyone participates in it.

— END —
