Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-26, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

I've been on air 22 years.
I don't get into aliens, metaphysical, religion, any of that.
I've studied the elite and I've also communicated with a lot of the top people and if you want
to know, I will actually break down right now the best knowledge right now what's happening
on the planet.
What's happening?
The elite are all about transcendence and living forever and the secrets of the universe
and they want to know all this.
Some are good.
Some are bad.
Some are a mix.
And we're on this planet and Einstein's physics showed that Max Planck's physics showed
all of us at least 12 dimensions.
And now that's why all the top scientists and billionaires are coming out saying it's
a false hologram.
It is artificial.
The computers are scanning it and finding tension points where it's artificially projected
and gravity's bleeding in to this universe.
That's what they call dark matter.
So we're like a thought or a dream that's a wisp in some computer program, some God's
mind, whatever.
They're proving it all.
It's all coming out.
There's like this sub transmission zone below the third dimension that's just turned
over to the most horrible things is what it resonates to.
And it's trying to get up into the third dimension that's just a basic level consciousness to
launch into the next levels.
And our species is already way up in the fifth sixth dimension, consciously our best
people.
And the elites themselves believe they're racing using human technology to try to take
our best minds and build some type of breakaway civilization where they're going to merge
with machines, transcend and break away from the failed species that is man.
And so Google was set up 18, 19 years ago.
This was, I knew about this before it was declassified.
I'm just saying I have good sources that they wanted to build a giant artificial system.
And Google believes that the first artificial intelligence will be a supercomputer based
on the neuron activities of the hive mind of humanity with billions of people wired
into the internet of things.
And so all of our thoughts go into it and we're actually building a computer that has
real neurons in real time that's also psychically connected to us so that they will have current
prediction powers, future prediction powers, a true crystal ball.
But the big secret is once you have a crystal ball and know the future, you can add stimuli
beforehand and make decisions that control the future.
And so then it's the end of consciousness and free will for individuals, as we know,
and a true hive mind consciousness with an AI jacked into everyone knowing our hopes
and dreams, delivering it to us because we were already wired and absorbed before we
knew it by giving over our consciousness to the system, our daily decisions that it was
able to manipulate and control into a larger system.
There's now a human counter strike taking place to shut this off before it gets fully
into place and to block these systems and cut off the pedophiles and psychic vampires
that are control of this AI system before humanity's destroyed.
So no, it's seven years ago.
No one was thinking.
Yeah, I was going to take over.
So you can see why the FBI decided to destroy him, which it.

— END —
