Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-26, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Which brings us to flight attendant CC Lyle's call to her husband.
It's a frame after telling him to listen carefully.
And also, if you'll notice, there's no background noise.
Here's an unamplified video taken from the back of a commuter jet.
Now here's CC's call.
Nothing, the tape hits from her husband's answer machine that's louder than her background.
This call was also from CC's cell phone.
It was about like 930, I guess that's when the call started.
Then I guess about, I didn't answer the phone until the last time she called,
which was I think it was like 951 or something to that.
It was towards almost close to 10 o'clock about that time.
And then that's when I get the phone call from her
and I actually had a chance to speak with her.
The phone that disconnected, then I set up in the bed because I did all this laying down.
I set up in the bed like it was like I just woke up.
I'm like, was that a real call?
So I looked at the call of ID and noticed that it was a call and it was from her cell phone.
And I'm like, okay, wait a minute.
How could you call me from on the plane, from the cell phone because cell phone was on broken plane?
CC's call took place at 947, which means she would have been at 20,000 feet.
How could you make that call unless on the ground?
Thomas Burnett's wife, Dina, said she also knew he was using a cell phone because of caller ID.
Jeremy Glick's wife wrote in her deposition that she also couldn't hear any unusual sounds
and that the connection was very clear, quote, as if he was calling from the next room.
And as for Theodore Orlson changing his tune from cell phones to air phones,
it's noteworthy that in 2002 as Solicitor General, in the Supreme Court case of Christopher v. Harberry,
Orlson maintained that the government had an inherent right to lie, quote,
there are lots of different situations when the government has legitimate reasons to give out false information.

— END —
