Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-09-12, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

So when I read about the Epstein files, I like everyone else was shocked and disgusted and appalled
by the contents of the Epstein files, but there was an unanswered question. Why are they practicing
Satanism? They don't do anything for fun. They only do things that will deliver them a perceived
benefit. I used to be a CEO of pretty successful artificial intelligence startup back in the day,
so you can imagine as we raised money investments, we got people on our board,
I rubbed shoulders with the elites. We had billionaires on our board. I met Eric Schmidt, the
then CEO of Google, and I worked in this role for about two and a half years. So I kind of just by
way of proximity to these people start to understand how they think, how the elites think. What is
their psychology? One thing that became really obvious is that the elites don't waste time.
They don't do anything for fun. So not even golf, they're closing business deals, they're
high level networking, all that shit. So they don't do anything for fun. Drinking, eating,
it's all towards a purpose. And that purpose is to create more wealth, influence, and power.
That's how the elites think. So if the world is run by elites who are practicing Satanism,
it truly begs the question, what is the value that they are extracting from practicing Satanism?
There must be a reason that they feel practicing Satanism is valuable.
What if the world, our reality, was not so objective, rational, and scientific as we have been
raised to believe? In fact, what if science and rational thought are actually tools
to keep us distracted from the true nature of reality? The elites aren't crunching numbers,
they're employees are. The elites are spending their valuable time doing Satanism.
Instead of being logical, rational, scientific, the way the world works is much more spiritual.
What if our 3D reality is a lower dimensional projection of a hyperdimensional demonic and
angelic world? And the elites in power are simply representing the dark side and have tapped into
this demonic force and perform Satanism to maintain their grip on our reality.
Because that's how our reality works. Our reality is not matter, our reality is energy.
It's us at the bottom of this downstream from Satanism who think like, oh yeah,
nine to five go to work, one plus one is two, everything is rational. Let's get the vaccine
because science, trust the science. And what if this was all a ploy to keep us distracted
from tuning in to the way the world actually works? Given that rich people don't waste their
time doing anything that doesn't bring them more wealth and power and influence. So how is Satanism
increasing their wealth and influence? Think about it, maybe we need to change our model of reality.

— END —
