Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-13, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Because once again, the conspiracy theorists were right, yet we move on with our lives like nothing's happened.
We pay our bills, we pick our kids up from school.
In the last year, we found out that there was an elite child pedophile trafficking ring influencing the way our political and financial institutions of the world run.
We didn't even find out who he was doing that for, and yet we move on with our lives.
We found out, through the testimony of David Grush, that the governments were retrieving extraterrestrial crafts, and inside those crafts, there were biologics, non-human intelligences.
Biologics came with some of these recoveries.
Were they, I guess, human or non-human biologics?
Non-human, and that was the assessment of people with direct knowledge on the program I talked to that are currently still on the program.
And they were reverse engineering that technology to use it for themselves.
Yet we moved on with our life.
And we found out that Anthony Fauci, the science, the face of COVID, was also the man who was covering up the origins of COVID and his part to play in the creation of the disease.
I respectfully declined to answer best upon my rights under the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution.
As well as covering up the potential side effects that could cause mass casualties and harm around the world.
And yet we moved on with our life.
And I'm not going to do what everyone else on social media is trying to do and give you the answer, because I don't know the answer.
And the thing that I notice and observe the most is that if we were right about all of this,
why are the people who push back against us not asking how did you know who were you listening to?
What were you looking at?
And secondly, if we were right about that, what else are we right about?
Digital ID.
Agenda 2030.
2027, the year we are deceived. I don't know.
But ask yourself the question.
If we were right about that, what else are we right about?

— END —
