Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-27, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

The person who sent this to you wants you to know who is really deciding what your children learn in school.
Why were we, along with children today, taught about Martin Luther King, but not Malcolm X?
Oh, world must see that Israel must exist and has the right to exist, and is one of the great outposts of democracy in the world.
Now let us compare that to Malcolm X.
Palestinian struggle is not just a cry for justice.
It's a blistering battle for the most fundamental human rights that every living soul on this planet should inherit by birthright.
It's an unyielding resistance against the oppressive suffocating grip of occupation and the callous denial of the most basic human dignity.
But what did Martin Luther King have to say about anti-Semitism?
My Jewish brothers and sisters said to me a mere anti-Semitism in a while.
We don't need your support. We have enough Jewish power to deal with this problem I have to say ourselves.
But what did Malcolm X have to say about it?
Are you anti-Semitic?
Anti-Semitic.
You've got many of the things that I've read about you, and you've made it mention a couple of times about the Jews and everything,
and I'm wondering if you are personally anti-Semitic.
No, how can I be anti-Semitic when the Arabs are semi-happener Muslim world is Semitic?
Because anti-Semitic got the anti-Arab and everything else?
No, I think this, that in this country, there is one mistake that the Jews make.
They put themselves in a position where whenever anybody gives an objective analysis of the role that they play,
they defend themselves by accusing you of being anti-Semitic.
The contrast between the two is clear, and while Martin Luther King's speech writer was Jewish,
even having written his famous speech, I Have a Dream,
Malcolm X was more sympathetic to the Palestinian state.
But how did it happen that only one of them was taught in schools while the other was hardly mentioned?
Why does one get a national holiday, an endless praise, and the other gets memory hold?
This is where Robert Maxwell comes in.
Robert Maxwell is gives Lane Maxwell's father, and they documented Musada agent.
Robert Maxwell bought the major publishing company Macmillan and used it to control the contents of the textbooks
distributed to American school children across the entire country.
They are quite literally controlling our future by rewriting our past.

— END —
