Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-23, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Five reasons why I think Jeffrey have seen his still alive, okay?
First of all, he's rich, rich people like to live longer.
Secondly, he's powerful.
Powerful people have a body that looks just like them, ready to be swapped if they need a fake throw of death.
Hashtag Jim Carrey.
Reason number three, everything around his death was very sus.
They removed a bunch of inmates a couple days before he killed himself.
They also hired new staff and that new staff told the prison guards not to do the routine checks them.
The cameras happened to go off the exact 10 minutes that he did it, coincidence.
They also tried to hide that, coincidence.
The security guards fell asleep at that exact time.
Coincidence, then Jeffrey Epstein hugged himself with his bed sheets.
This is a billionaire who's never made his bed a day in his life,
suddenly knows how to fold bed sheets in the exact same way in a finner-on-journette.
There are photos, or there were, of the body they found in his cell.
If you look at the nose, it's not the same as Jeffrey Epstein's nose.
If you nose, you nose, okay?
It looks like a different person.
Hashtag Jim Carrey.
Right after Jeffrey Epstein was unalived, the prison staff constructed a coffin using boxes
to put it in a vehicle so that they could send that vehicle to the hospital with no body inside
so that the media would follow that vehicle.
Meanwhile, they sent the real body off in a mysterious black car to God knows where,
which is not a f***ing normal thing you do when somebody dies.
You're not like, hey, can we uber-black the body?
And we have no idea where in Israel they sent it to, but they sent it somewhere.
Reason number four, Fortnite.
Yes!
Jeffrey Epstein loved playing Fortnite.
In the Epstein files, you can see his Fortnite email and log it.
Somebody logged into his Fortnite account in December 2019.
Jeffrey Epstein was not alive in August 2019.
I'm not sure if you're familiar with how time works,
but December comes after August.
And the login came from a city with, I think it was Tel Aviv.
I'm not sure if I'm not sure what part of the United States that's in,
but, uh, but you don't even want to do this.
It can either be that Jeffrey Epstein is still alive in playing Fortnite in Tel Aviv,
or somebody hacked into his account.
Either makes you f***ing afraid of people in Tel Aviv,
because they're either sending their spies to corrupt our government,
or they're hacking into your Fortnite account.
I don't think either of those are good.
There were videos about this that went viral so much that Fortnite
counted to come out and make a statement,
which makes it even more f***ing suspicious.
It's like you've never said a damn thing about anything else
and how you're getting into politics.
So like, actually, that's not Jeffrey Epstein who logged in.
It's now somebody else's account.
It's like, the f*** it is.
You don't just take a dead man's f***ing Fortnite account.
Nobody's like, can my screen name be Jay Epstein 6'7?
Nobody f***ing does that.
I don't know if you're familiar with Fortnite,
but it's a game where you basically shoot people and demolish buildings.
So I don't even know why you need to play that in Israel
when you can just do that in real life.
We don't have all the information on this yet.
Anyways, it'll probably come out in two weeks of Fortnite.
But, uh, reason number five,
he didn't have the personality of someone suicidal.
This is a man who had no remorse for any of the evil s*** he was doing.
And at no point, he was ever like, maybe I went too far.
Never. His guy had no guilt. He had no shame.
This guy was possibly states in himself.
He was a very confident man.
Jeffrey Epstein went gray very early in his life,
but he never used hair coloring product.
Not even once.
That's a level of confidence.
Most men do not understand and will never reach at any point in their life.
He came to say that he's also hanging out with a while young people
and still doesn't give a f***.
That shows you how disgustingly confident this man was.
Never, ever colored his hair once.
This is why I'm saying, he never died.

— END —
