Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-14, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

The Israeli Prime Minister came here today and said that Israel is surrounded by those
who want to destroy it and enemy.
We're here, members of a Muslim Arab Committee mandated by 57 Arab and Muslim countries,
and I can tell you here very unequivocally, all of us are willing to right now guarantee
the security of Israel in the context of Israel, ending the occupation and allowing for the
emergence of a Palestinian state, independent state, along with a preference to allegory.
He is creating that danger because he simply does not want the two-state solution, and
if he does not want the two-state solution, can you ask Israeli officials, what is their
end game, other than just wars and wars and wars?
I'm telling you, all of us in the Arab world here, we want a peace in which Israel lives
in peace and security accepted, normalized with all Arab countries in the context of
ending the occupation, withdrawing from our territory, allowing for the emergence of
an independent sovereign Palestinian state on June 496, seven lines with the Kipite
Jerusalem's capital.
That is our narrative.
That is, and we will guarantee Israel security in that context.
Can you ask Israelis, what's their narrative, other than I'm going to continue to go to
war, I'm going to kill this and kill that and destroy this and this that?
The amount of damage that Israeli government has done, 30 years of efforts to convince
people that peace is possible, this Israeli government killed it.
The amount of dehumanization, hatred, bitterness will take generations to navigate through.
So ultimately, the question is, we want peace, and we've laid out a plan for peace.
Ask any Israeli official, what is their plan for peace, you'll get nothing because they
are only thinking of the first step, we're going to go destroy Gaza, inflame the West
Bank, destroy Lebanon, and after that, they have no plan.
We have a plan, we have no partner for peace in Israel, there is a partner for peace in
the Arab world, and that's why the international community needs to work.

— END —
