Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-30, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Everybody's life is equally important, however, these two had a public profile.
David Wilcock focused on philosophy, ufology, consciousness, conspiracies, call them.
He was taken out with a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
His family came out and said that he did suffer from mental health issues, just saying.
However, if you haven't seen it, watch this board.
In there, I talk about this guy, Edgar Case, who claims to have access to the acacic records
to understand that hit the history of Atlantis.
David Wilcock has been deemed the reincarnation of Edgar Case,
claiming that he too can access his field and interact with non-human intelligence.
He notates it like raw or the blue avians.
Essentially, raw or these blue avians are like the manifestation of the higher levels of consciousness, the good guys.
He also believes ancient technologies has been passed along through bloodlines.
Specifically, these guys, in an interview, he claimed that they had threatened him three different times directly.
Just so happens, I follow that bloodline in this video.
He's kind of that Luciferian David Ike realm, where he's talking about blood rituals,
the luge from the fear and terror of the sacrificing, the dream of chrome, shit like that.
And he's talking about how that feeds the entities that are also like the ying to the yang of these blue avians.
A.D.S. Gridge is huge.
She was like a multidisciplinary expert in chemistry, biology, engineering, genetics, exotic sciences, gravity, etc.
Back in 2022, she was self-inflicted with a gunshot wound.
This is all resurfacing now because of all these additional scientists.
However, her story is uniquely interesting.
2018, she proved out the TR3B gravitic engine that we know is the triangle craft.
Bet you didn't know that was just patented a part of our military.
Anybody see that one?
But in 2020, she claimed to have an anti-gravity breakthrough that she was waiting on NASA to approve to release to the public.
Guess who never got that approval?
She was the CEO of Holochrome.
She was quoted to say, if you stick on your neck in private, they will bury you.
They will burn down your house while you're sleeping in your bed and it won't even make the news.
That's why this institute exists so that they can tell when they behead her.
Before her death, people were saying that she was on the verge of a breakthrough again.
She was texting this British agent, Frank Milburn, proof that she was being harassed.
Things like surveillance, things like psychological manipulation, and a directed energy weapon attack.
She had burns on her hands, suffered from Havana syndrome, and then rep Eric Berthelson,
out of Missouri from the House of Representatives, has testified saying there's overwhelming evidence
it wasn't directed energy weapon attack against her.
Weeks before her death, she texted Frank Milburn,
if you see any report that I killed myself, I most definitely did not.
If you see any report that I overdosed myself, I most definitely did not.
If you see any report that I killed anyone else, I most definitely did not.
She claimed Lou Alizondo, Hal Putoff, and others in the field were evil and full of disinformation.
She also claimed that anti-gravity engines have been discovered four or five times in the past
and they disappeared them every single time, including Ning Li in the 90s.
Look that one up.
Last but not least, she says that the elites were time traveling us from the future
in two different timelines, P-47, which is 47,000 years from present and P-52,
which is 52,000 years from present.
These guys bunkered down before a calamity and then went back in time.
These guys somehow survived the calamity on the surface and then went back in time.
She says these are the ultra-terrestrials we're experiencing and interacting with.
As a cliff note, there's also about like seven to eight Chinese scientists
that in the last two years have all disappeared in similar fields.
Is it coincidence or are they preparing for some disclosure event?
They don't want anybody saying BS to.
I'm sure I missed a couple, but if you like this content, follow for more.
I'm going to be doing more ramp boards and also I have a podcast on a dedicated to this border.
I'm going to deep dive into the entire thing for you.
Let me know what you think.

— END —
