Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-27, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

It's 9-11, a very hard day for America, and especially hard for you.
You're the janitor, you clean the stairways, 110 floors.
Your office, sub-basement level one, there are six sub-levels.
So the lobby, then sub-1, sub-2, sub-3, sub-4, sub-5, six.
You're at sub-1, you punched in at 8.30 in the morning, you were late,
you weren't going to go to work, it was a beautiful day, you were going to take off.
You come in to work because your boss asked you to, you came in, you were a little bit late.
At 8.46 you heard an explosion, from beneath you, from below, from below.
It was so big that it lifted you up.
Everybody who you have is 14 people, lifted you up.
A few seconds later you heard another explosion.
I mean, load away from the top of the building.
Turned out that was the plane, the first plane.
But there was definitely an explosion before the first plane.
Oh, 100 percent, 100 percent sure.
You have a lot of witnesses who were down there who would confirm that fact.
You told that fact to the 9-11 Commission?
Not only did I tell the fact to the 9-11 Commission, but I gave them a list of the eyewitnesses
that were there that experienced the same threat as I do.
And they will never put a testifier.
And was your testimony included in the 9-11 report?
No, it doesn't show anywhere.
It doesn't show.
Because it was immediately. There's 576 pages in that book.
And you won't find my name anywhere.
Anyway, you go all over the world and you speak about what happened to you on that day,
the fact that you had one of five pastries that allowed you access to any and all doors
in the complex.
That is correct.
And I have a speech that I do all over the world, that's a motivation speech, but it
always tells the real story of what happened in the United States.
And, you know, like I said, there's a lot of respect all over the world for this kind
of story.
Because when I come here, I am able to tell the story, but it's always either edited
or presented in a different way.
And only, I guess, C-Span had the only plans to actually put my story without editing for
it.
But basically, almost two hours.

— END —
