Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-24, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Listen, when we say that the IDF and the Israeli government, a terrorist organization, when
not being hyperbolic, when not even basing the solely of the extreme levels of terror,
we watch them inflict daily on the peoples of Palestine and Lebanon.
The IDF and not only terrorists, they are the original terrorists.
They invented terrorism in a region now synonymous with that word.
This is not up for debate.
This is fact.
Not sure.
Then fuck and listen up.
In the 1880s, Jewish settlers began moving into Palestine with funding from Baron Edmund
to Rothschild.
Yes, those Rothschilds.
To begin what Theodore Herzl, the godfather of Zionism, described as a colonial enterprise.
Immediately, Palestinians were violently subjugated and pushed from lands on which they lived
for generations.
Quote, from Russian Jewish journalists Ahad Ham, they behaved towards the Arabs with
cruelty and hostility.
Trespass unjustly upon their boundaries beat them shamefully without reason and even brag on it.
And when did he say this?
In 1891.
In 1907, a group of recently settled Russian Jews formed a militia called Bargo, or to
protect these Rothschild-funded settlements and form a Hebrew military force that would
organize and implement and aren't uprising to bring about its ultimate aim, the creation
of an independent Jewish state.
In 1909, Bargo was absorbed by the newly founded and larger Hashemah.
In 1920, the Hashemah became the Haggana.
Now the Haggana, they stepped things up.
They contaminated water wells in Palestinian villages with typhoid virus and they bombed
a cruise liner, deporting Jewish refugees.
Their aim was to disable the ship, but they sunk the ship and killed 276 people.
But don't worry, because the Haggana were only moderatesates.
In 1931, a faction that believed the Haggana were not doing enough for the dream of a Jewish
state split and formed the Ergun.
The Ergun actively massacred Palestinian villages.
They bombed the British administration headquarters in 1946, including 97 civilians, and carried
out multiple bombing and grenade attacks in crowded Palestinian civilian markets.
The UN, Britain, and the US all described the Ergun as a Jewish terrorist group that
were condemned by Albert Einstein, compared them to the Nazis.
The Ergun eventually became Israel's Harat party, which would later become Israel's
Makhul party, sound familiar?
That's because it's a party of Benjamin Netanyahu.
But wait, it gets even better.
The Lehi, or the Stone Gang, performed in 1940 as an offshoot to the Ergun.
The Lehi described themselves as terrorists, and just wait till you hear this.
The Lehi sought to form an alliance with Nazi Germany during World War II.
Lehi offered to take part in the war on the side of Nazi Germany in return for the establishment
of a Jewish state on a totalitarian basis that would be treated with Nazi Germany.
Even when the full scale of Hitler's atrocities became clear, Lehi's support did not wave
after the Nakhbah of 1948, the Hagenar, Lehi, and Ergun all formed to create the IDF.
Four of the first five Prime Ministers of Israel were founding or prominent members
of the Hagenar terrorist militia.
The six Prime Minister of Israel was Manetram Beggar, commander of the Ergun terrorist group,
who would go on to win a Nobel Peace Prize in 1979.
The seven Prime Minister was Yitzhak Shamiyas, a Lehi commander, who would go on to serve
two 10 years as Prime Minister.
So to be very clear, the IDF and the Israeli government are terrorist organizations and
have been from day one, and this, you fucking Zionist dogs, is not up for debate.

— END —
