Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-13, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

It looks at that reality where it is, sends me information and I get the conscious experience
of what the drone is seeing.
That conscious experience is not in my body, is in my consciousness.
A scientific theory that basically states that our body is operated like a drone from
a conscious quantum field, which would mean that experience qualia is not in your head.
Equalia do not exist in the body, they exist in the field.
Okay, people will find this crazy idea.
It is crazy, but it is much closer to the truth.
Federico Fashin invented the first CPU, the touchpad and worked on the first neural nets,
which gave him the hope of creating conscious AI.
It took me 30 years to figure out that mathematics is created by consciousness and therefore
I cannot explain consciousness with mathematics.
People, many physicists think that there is emerging properties in the purely classical
world.
It cannot be.
Emergentism requires quantumness.
Like some other renowned physicists, Fashin is convinced that consciousness cannot be a classical
phenomenon and has to be quantum.
But his theory of quantum consciousness goes beyond any theories on the table.
We have to go way beyond Schrodinger's equation.
We have to go into Dirac's equation, but even beyond that, we have to go to quantum fields
and quantum information.
And quantum information goes beyond the concepts of quantum fields.
In fact, the only physicist that has been able to show the quantum physics derived from
quantum information is an Italian physicist, Giacomo Mauro d'Ariano, he showed that you
can derive all the equations of quantum physics from quantum bits.
Federico Fashin reached out to Mauro d'Ariano and together they published a paper and Federico
wrote this book.
If they are right, not only will they have an accurate theory of consciousness, they
will also solve the mystery of the interpretation of quantum mechanics.
Quantum information is the representation of inner experience and the collapse of the
wave function is the representation of the free world.
What more do you want?
That's crazy, that's crazy.
Let's try and really understand this.

— END —
