Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-17, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Day six of everything I found of the Epstein files. Warning, it gets really weird.
Epstein might still be alive via a transaction of V-Bucks through its Fortnite account.
Files talking about how Joe Biden isn't the real Joe Biden. He was killed. In 2019,
the firing squad and they replaced him with a fake.
Emails about sexually abusing girls to activate something called stage 3 special abilities.
Further emails about using powers to bend spoons.
Odd references to massive freezers full of beep jerky and him needing to go on a normal
human diet because he's suffering deleterious effects from this jerky
email change with the CEO of Google attached quoting that
their blockchain has all the satanic pedophilia transactions time stamped on the blockchain.
Same email chain, the references to quantum computing being used in the United States
for anti-criminal software operations.
Pierce Morgan being mentioned in the files numerous times.
Situation with Prince Andrew being brought up saying that quote unquote,
the Brits won't let this go recommending Pierce Morgan to interview him to help
clean the slate. I guess it's too shifting the public narrative in order to alleviate pressure
for the crimes they've committed to has massive implications because it's long
been suspected that they shift the narrative in order to make you forget about serious crimes.
This is just them literally admitting to it a limo driver's testimony claiming that Epstein
and Trump raped and then killed a girl. However, this is all allegedly this is the only account
I could find of it a reference to something go to color of the day where agents will dress
in the same color when running an operation to identify each other be seen multiple times
throughout the files is entirely unredacted except for one situation on the day of September 10th
the same day that Charlie was killed as the only one where the color of the day is redacted.
They code a diary written from one of the victims of Epstein's point of view,
her having kids, and then Epstein and Jolaine taking the kid away from her.
It's extremely sad and graphic and strangest of all very formally written email claiming
that Donald Trump is not the real Donald Trump that he was killed in 1995 that his oldest son
has actually been trying to keep Trump alive through these fake people to run his brand.
A person is so certain of this they claim to be Jolaine Maxwell's younger sister.
They claim to have fingerprints him stamped they claim to have the keys to Jeffrey Epstein's
apartment and all his video log called the genetic and hard proof names they sign the emails
and everything else to literally back it up is by far the weirdest thing I've ever read
especially with the amount of claimed evidence. I have no idea if this is true or not but this is
actually crazy so this is something that may be like a suit or suit like Ian Carroll or somebody
should look into to drop a video soon on the stuff that I think is probably the most true out of these
files. However, I do think every American should take into consideration that there isn't really
any going backwards at this point we need to accept that this is now a part of the world that we live in.

— END —
