Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-23, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Gerald Ford is not a pedophile per se. He's what I refer to as trisexual. He'll try anything.
Any age, anybody, anytime, anywhere, just as long as he had control. Because he had a perversion of power.
In addition to his interest in mind control. Therefore, it was Gerald Ford who came out to our house and explained to my father
how to raise me in the project according to government specifications. My father had been caught sending this child pornography through the U.S. males
and therefore he was approached and told that if he sold me into that project that he would gain immunity from prosecution.
My father remains free from prosecution to date for so-called reasons of national security.
Once my father agreed to sell me into the project, I was taken routinely to Mackinac Island, Michigan, which is a political retreat where the Michigan governor's mansion is located.
It was a, a bohemium grove of sorts where politicians met and discussed new world order controls where they discussed mind control.
Mind control of the masses, mind control in the school systems. How to use occultism as a trauma base.
One of my sexual abusers at that time was the Prime Minister of Canada, Pierre Trudeau.
Pierre Trudeau is a professed Jesuit. Now, the Jesuits are an intelligence arm of the Catholic Vatican.
There's a criminal faction within these Jesuits. Pierre Trudeau represented this criminal faction of the Catholic Church of the Jesuits who believed in mind control of the masses.
These guys who are manipulating my mind and programming for mind control purposes claimed, and these criminals in control of our country as well, claimed to be gods, demons, and aliens in order that I feel totally helpless.
In order that I felt like they were beyond my realm to a fact. I'm not saying that there's no such thing as aliens, but that would be foolish.
But what I am saying is that my, it was my experience that these were people claiming to be aliens.
If there's a reality out there pertaining to any alien influence, we need to sort out the government misinformation and disinformation and mind manipulation techniques that they're using.
I know for a fact that the plan is to make all of us feel totally helpless.
But what's happening is beyond our realm to a fact because we've been taken over by aliens that our independence day is dawning.
So beware of that. Understand that those criminals have been keeping information and technology from us under their blanket and national security.
They are 25 years ahead of us at least technologically. They're way ahead. So when they say it's aliens, it's aliens and they show us some incredible technology.
Don't fall into the trap of feeling totally helpless that this is beyond our realm to a fact.

— END —
