Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-09-12, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

There's really art students. I think this is one of the biggest, most important ones.
They're pretending to be art students, but actually intelligent agents.
They're going to like government buildings, DEA offices, even the homes of certain people,
and they're trying to collect data. But they're really like explosive experts, intercept experts,
and they are working on behalf of Israel.
You're looking at those pictures. Those are some Israeli art students that came from a foreign country,
and their art project was called B-thing. They called their team the gelatin group.
And just so you understand this, gelatin is often referred to a gelatinite or blasting gelatin.
It's also referred to as blasting jelly, but gelatin, and they later on changed their name
because they people started waking up to this. So they named their name gelatin. They called
their art project the B-thing, and you will see on the left-hand side a photograph of the title
page of their book. You're going to see two big, bold numbers. It says BB-18. Those are
fuse holders. Now look at all three pictures and look at how many boxes of plastic fuse holders
that can be used for remote control demolition. And ask yourself, why would art students from
Israel and Austria be having thousands of fuse holders? This building was built in the early 1970s.
They weren't electricians. They weren't redoing all of the electricity in that building.
Those fuses, by the way, come from a company called Laitel Fuse, L-I-T-T-E-L Fuse Company.
They're located in Chicago, and some little voice said to me, take a look into this Laitel Fuse
Company, where all of those fuse holders behind those artists are. And now some of those artists
are guaranteed Mossad bomb experts, and that's in the DEA document that you can read.
No, they were arrested, like 140 of them, but then people like Michael Chertoff,
dual citizen, got them shipped back to Israel with no charges being pressed,
despite it being the largest by operation uncovered in American history.

— END —
