Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-30, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Is this like the three-body problem or something?
First of all, these are all people,
perhaps with their families,
I'm going to try to honor them in a speedy delivery.
Apologies if I mispronounce anybody's name.
First, we have Nuno L'Oreal.
He's working on fusion technology and plasma,
which is ionized air, which if you know anything about some of these gravitic engines and some of these UAPs,
that's likely what they point to as being the reason that they can move so fast
and have that electromagnetic feel around it.
And again, it's all about magnetic confinement.
While he wasn't directly associated with UAP research,
he was trying to understand how you could use magnetic recombinations,
things like solar flares in order to propel something up to 500 kilometers per second.
He was recently working on quantum algorithms
that would theoretically be able to control these magnetic recombinations.
Valente, the brown university shooter, was the one who killed L'Oreal,
and graduated first of his class at the same university in Portrait.
It was reported that he was disgruntled because he graduated top of his class
while L'Oreal went on to lead his field.
Now we have Carl Gromeyer, a Caltech physicist.
You'll likely hear that he discovered a water on an exoplanet recently, however,
that was back in 2009, so I think it might be disinformation.
He was more recently working on dark matter and asteroids.
Unfortunately, he had a history with this neighbor,
even though he lived in the middle of nowhere.
His neighbor, Freddy, was then arrested.
Third, we got William Neil McCasland.
There's a researcher at Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
but then retired in 2011.
He oversaw $2.2 billion in space programs,
including space warfare, directed energy weapon,
missile defense, cyber security, and UAPs.
He was also the assistant to the guy who led Project Blue Book.
Wright Patterson is also where the Roswell crash was stored.
He leaves behind everything but a revolver, a backpack, and his wallet,
and he just goes missing.
His wife said that he was experiencing a lot of brain fog,
and this is why he sat down from a lot of his positions,
and she said that he probably didn't want to be found.
Next, we have Jason Thomas, who worked at an organization
that did pharma research and had DOD contracts.
He's missing, but his wife said that he was struggling
with the death of his parents, however, back in 2013,
his company did a DOD contract with DARPA for mRNA technology.
Stephen Garcia was a custodian
for a nuclear weapons facility in New Mexico.
He was last seen wearing camouflage, leaving his house with a weapon.
The rest is speculation.
Our friends in green here, Frank Mywall, Monica Reza, and Michael Hicks
all work for the NASA Jet Propulsion Labs.
Frank studied the composition of planets, Earth, and others,
call it planetary observation.
Monica was in charge of meta materials, things to use in aircrafts
that would be in space, et cetera.
Michael was focused on planetary defense, asteroid defense, specifically.
The cause of death for Frank is unknown.
There was no autopsy, however, in his obituary
they asked to donate to Alcoholics Anonymous.
Monica was on a hike with her friend, and she disappeared,
and nobody knows where she is.
I find it weird that the friend's like, I don't know what happened,
but he just claims that she just started walking the other way,
and then she's gone.
Michael Hicks' daughter has said there's nothing weird.
It's medical issues.
Now, these two Melissa Cassius and Anthony Chavez
both worked at Los Alamos, which, if you remember,
that's where Bob Lazar worked.
However, neither of them are researchers.
She was an administrative assistant,
and he's retired, 78 years old, but was a foreman
on construction projects there.
Melissa factory wiped her phone, and then was last seen
on a highway just walking alone.
Anthony took nothing with him, left his house captured on a camera,
and hasn't been seen since.
Listen to Duke of 78.
11 and 12, James and Andrew Muffatt.
James, aka Tony, was a NASA scientist and aerospace researcher.
His son was still in college, but worked at the research facility
that James, Tony, started.
However, that research facility was focused on unmanned aerial drones.
Tragically, James was flying the plane with his two sons and his wife,
and, unfortunately, they crashed.

— END —
