Here's what the CIA's been up to for the last 80 years.
1945. Operation Paperclip is where we
recruited 1600 German scientists, some of which explicitly Nazis,
one of which one of Rembrandt started NASA,
which on his tombstone has a quote about the firmament.
Weird, that's flat earth.
Operation Shamrock was 30 years of domestic surveillance,
which apparently stopped in 1975,
the same time as the Church Committee.
1950s, Operation Bluebird, which is the first mind control study,
this is basically on the defense.
How do we stop our prisoners of war
for being taken advantage of when they're captured?
That quickly moved to Operation Artichoke,
which is the offensive.
They recently released like seven extra documents
that showed that they were aiming it domestically
via food, drinks, cigarettes, and yes.
We have HT Lingual, which was opening of photography and mail
that had anything to do with foreign nations.
That's pretty illegal.
We also have MK Naomi, which was the first biological weapons
testing.
1953, the big one, MK Altra.
That was 150 cell projects underneath MK Altra,
which included LSD, hypnosis, sensory deprivation, isolation,
verbal and sexual abuse, electroshock,
and psychological manipulation.
This was used in the Unibonner case for 59 to 62.
He went to Harvard at 16.
He was a genius.
He studied in this program for three years
experiencing an abuse and LSD for psychological manipulation.
He then wrote 35,000 word manifesto
about how technology was going to destroy humanity
and slave the population.
Talked about AI, central bank, digital currency, all that shit.
Obviously, he went on to go bomb these universities,
the Unibomber, because they had technology
that was being researched.
Charles Manson, 1967 to 69.
Chaos by Tom O'Neill goes in a really great 20 years of research
about how he was tied to MK Altra.
But Jolly West operated out of a safe house
and did a lot of MK Altra experiments out of that.
Manson and his followers frequently went to that safe house
that he was then arrested and released like a dozen times
by his parole officer, whereas parole officer was citing
that there was higher levels of influence letting him go.
They were responsible for a bunch of murders
and they wrote on the walls in their blood,
war, death to pigs, and helter-skelter,
which was to discredit the anti-war movement
and also helter-skelter at the time
was used to try to incite race violence.
Co-intel Pro was an FBI infiltration and discrediting program
that aimed at political movements.
MLK Jr, anti-war hippies, Black Panthers, feminism,
you name it, they were there.
They were informants.
They were an IRS harassment to these people in these groups.
There was prosecutions that were faulty
and there was violence clearly.
There was even an FBI letter sent to MLK
telling him to off himself.
In the 60s through the 70s, you have MK search.
MK often, MK chick, wit, and Stargate.
MKs were basically subsets of MK Altra,
but there was investigations of new drugs, occult rituals,
yes, for applications on behavior alteration
and like telepathy and shit like that.
You also then have remote viewing with Ingo Swan,
Hal Putoff.
They did like the Mars 1984 session.
You have Soviet planes and nukes
that he's able to see from across the world.
And some guy claimed that he had information
on 150 plus targets that he had no way else
of getting that information outside of remote viewing.
1962, Operation Northwoods, a false flag plan
to attack on US soil in Miami, Washington, DC
in order to go to war with Cuba.
At this time, there was also a bunch of plans
for CIA assassinations.
Fidel Castro, exploding cigar was one of them.
You had other leaders in the Congo, Dominican Republic,
South Vietnam, that were targets of this program.
1964, it actually worked, Gulf of Tonkin.
This is where we.
