We claim that North Vietnam attacked the U.S. boats the second time did not happen.
We went to war 58,000 casualties.
Operation Chaos, CIA domestic surveillance on anti-war movements, basically to discredit
the hippies that were protesting the Vietnam War, Project Minaret, which is NSA watch-less
monitoring the communications of people who were engaged in political actions.
1950s and 1970s got Operation Mockingbird, because yeah, that's what it ended.
But the CIA recruited journalists for propaganda use and had 400 cited assets, but the New York
Times even lied on that saying they had 800 trying to defuse the blame.
Then the CIA goes out and meets with filmmakers, Steven Spielberg, it's around that time, 1969,
he directed the moon landing, and then you have Hollywood influence trying to recruit
people.
This is where you get like the James Bond movies, the Zero Dark Thirty, these are just trying
to make CIA and like special operations look cool to get recruitment up.
It also is trying to like take out information so you don't think that they're doing all
this crazy shit.
I had to throw my boy Mike Benson here with the censorship industrial complex because it
never stopped.
Governments are not working with non-governmental organizations and tech companies to do algorithmic
and self-moderation.
I'll never fucking stop, you'll never get me to shut the fuck up.
So now it's kind of moved to like private companies, again, these non-governmental organizations
instead of the CIA.
So they're using ad spend to drive a lot of this, which last year, $40 billion were spent
on drug ads in the US, which we are one of two countries, including New Zealand, to be
able to even do that legally.
25% of those ads on the news are drug ads.
And then that's where most of this $40 billion was spent is on the news.
That's why it's brought to you by Pfizer.
Also ushering the rules base international order, which is the whole of society that might
make Ben sites and it's basically the world economic forum, the CDC, all these globalists
getting together to try to control the narrative, the latest being short term pain for long
term gain.
Iran propaganda.
Now 1975, which is the church committee, how many of you know what that is?
This is where the CIA got caught.
This is why we know all of this shit.
So this is how you start to get figures like Epstein because they can't just do it anymore.
They have to go through shady assets to like actually get the shit done because they don't
stop.
This is proven through Iran Contra in 1985 to 1987, which essentially where the CIA threw
a back channel via Epstein and Khashoggi, who introduces him to Robert Maxwell, Elaine
Maxwell's dad, also the person who threw the Rothschilds buys McGraw Hill in 79 and is responsible
for your textbooks, by the way.
They take a back channel to sell the weapons to Israel, which then they go to Iran.
This happened during Nixon as well as Reagan.
And this essentially like starts to thrush forward terrorist cells that we are fighting
today.
Now, one of the worst ones on here is 1950 to 1990s, Operation Gladio's paramilitary
groups are stationed across the globe, specifically really bad in Italy.
But they performed assassinations, coups and false flags and bombings, massacres, literally
over 150 civilians killed, including a three year old, a three year old, dude, 2001 was
the Patriot Act.
It was 9 11, which might have been a false leg to get us in the Middle East, but Assange
pointed out that while we were in the Middle East through the WikiLeaks, that we were doing
war crimes, killing Afghanistan civilians, torturing 14 year olds in Guantanamo Bay, we
have cyberback doors proven with Snowden in 2017 into everybody's phone, electric vehicles
and Snowden showed us that the NSA pointed our surveillance system on the domestic population
and listening in on all of our conversations and collecting data on Americans.
That seems normal with Palantir.
Then introduce the Twitter files, you got Epstein, you got UAPs, you got COVID, am I favorite?
Probably what's going on right now.
