Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-26, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Tyler Robinson didn't kill Charlie Kirk. Charlie Kirk's Israeli security detail killed Charlie Kirk and Charlie Kirk's assassin is caught on tape
Here it is from the wide-angle watch Charlie Kirk's right side of his t-shirt watch the Lavalier lapel mic. Do you see it explode?
Let's bring it in just a little bit closer. Watch this put it in a freeze frame
That is the explosion from Charlie Kirk's Lavalier lapel mic
Want to see it again bring it in closer remember when we told you that that was absolutely an exit wound?
Yeah, it is check the trajectory of the round that was deployed from that Lavalier lapel mic
That went directly from Charlie Kirk's lapel that went directly from underneath Charlie Kirk's white t-shirt up through his neck and
Created the exit wound that we told you was an exit wound immediately when we saw that exit wound
First we had exploding pagers now. We have exploding mics. Do you remember the vector analysis from John Bray?
That proves that all of the activity came from the mic that Charlie Kirk was wearing
Remember the palm gun guy in the brown shirt that shadowy looking guy with the sunglasses?
Yeah, he pushes the detonator clear his day
That
That's the assassin
That's the guy that pushes the detonator which perfectly aligns with the explosion that pushes that projectile through Charlie's right side of his neck
And out the left side creating the exit wound
That might just look like the chaos that you would expect after someone was publicly executed in broad daylight in front of
3,000 people
But in no way did that trigger man that assassin in the brown shirt with the sunglasses act alone
We have video now from destiny that shows the handoff of this remote detonator
You
We had John Cullen on the program last week and he made a great point about ballistic
acoustics being altered to hide the location of the real shooter. Well the same can be said
to distract from the fact that there was no shooter. Tyler Robinson did not kill Charlie Kirk.
This guy, brown shirt guy, he's the assassin.

— END —
