Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-24, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

The White House said they would be Q posting, then shortly after, posted a tweet formatted
identically to the QAnon drops from 2017 to 2022.
So now all the QAnons are claiming this 100% stamps, it was inside source, behind all
the drops.
Q began in 2017 when an anonymous account called Q started posting cryptic messages
on 4chan claiming to have inside knowledge of a secret war against the deep state happening
behind the scenes in Washington.
The main reason QAnon was created was to project every single thing they were doing onto the
Democrats.
Quick bet on Rainbit.
To create a false hope that someone will be the savior to all the evil, which created
complacency, and kept a conspiracy theorist waiting instead of acting upon themselves.
They promised Hillary Clinton's imminent arrest, mass arrest of the elites called the storm,
and claimed Donald Trump was recruited to secretly fight and dismantle the secret
cabal of elites, engage in Satanism and child trafficking.
So Q was just another Operation Trust, and that was a Soviet counterintelligence operation
from 1921 to 1927 that created a fake anti-Bolshevik resistance to convince real dissidents they
didn't need to act because others had it handled.
It promised the arrests of top Bolsheviks and restoration of capitalism, then millions
of citizens were blinded and then dead as a result.
QAnon mirrors this by telling followers the militaries in control, pedophiles are being
arrested, and the plan is in place.
Both create complacency through false hope, letting the system solidify while dissidents
wait for a phantom savior.
I'm not saying the Democrats mentioned in the Q drops like Podesta and the Clintons were
innocent.
Pizza gate and frazzled drip were definitely real.
QAnon was a Jeffrey Epstein and crew operation, in 2016 Jeffrey Epstein Peter Thiel and Russian
U.S. Ambassador, Vitaly Chirkin, had a 1230PM lunch meeting in New York City.
That same day at 430PM, Wikileaks post Podesta emails, and then just shortly after six days
later, Pizza gate was born.
That next day on October 8th, you'll see in the Epstein files, Epstein was sending out
the Wikileaks link to all of his associates.
And shortly after that, Q starts posting all the satanic shit that the left-wing elites
were doing.
But don't get it twisted, the other side was doing the same thing.

— END —
