Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-26, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

You just saw that all the windows were blown out.
The lobby looked like the plane hit the lobby.
I think a problem went off the lobby first that a plane hit the building.
Then another plane hit the other building.
But when I was coming through the doors on the other side of the trade center,
something, either a blue lobby up or something,
because it blew the glass out of the garage and knocked the sweat down.
And I got a smoke and everything out there.
I just feel a little shook up because I got blasted.
That's several accounts that the lobby blew up before the first plane
and that the subway was filled with smoke.
How is this never mentioned?
And what about the FDNY?
According to the firefighters who were in the towers,
there were bombs going off all over these buildings.
I demand to know as should everyone, especially the media,
why important testimony made that day from over 150 police firefighters
and first responders regarding explosions,
wasn't included in the commission report, nor investigated further.
What happened?
It was an explosion.
It was in the lobby and then fucking the third explosion,
the whole lobby collapsed on us.
What was it like? What was it like?
It's horrible. It's like hell.
You don't want to know.
The whole building just collapsed on us inside the lobby.
Is that a secondary explosion?
Yes, it was.
That was good.
Yeah, it's definitely a secondary explosion.
It was inside waiting to go upstairs and on the way upstairs,
the whole fucking plane blew.
I mean, it just collapsed from everybody inside the lobby.
Someone took the first tower coming down, second day.
I don't know about the first one, but I know the second one,
it was terrible.
And it was the third one too, after that one.
It was an explosion.
I know it was a couple explosions.
Yeah, while we were in the building, we were one of the first stairwells.
We were a couple of times we dove into the stairwells.
We dove into the plane was coming.
We made it outside, we made it about a block.
We made it at least two blocks, and we started running.
Oh, my floor, it's going to pop it out.
It was like, it was just, if it had detonate, detonate it.
Yeah, detonate it.
Take down a building.
And you heard the boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo.
You were expravers, never had a change.
You really never even got to close that close to the building.
It was closing blue, and it knocked everybody over.
Five minutes in the elevator exploded us.
Yeah, we said something was wrong.
Yeah, made a plane hit up on the idea floor.
I mean, five minutes over, so now the elevator is exploding on the first level.
It was a secondary explosion, probably a device you'd have planted before,
or an under-air craft that could not explode until now.

— END —
