Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-11, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Day 3 overview of everything I've found in the Epstein files.
Content warning.
The harvesting of Mormon blood is some sort of weekly payment system for select breeders,
creation of trans-human sex slaves by biologically turning men and women and men through hormonal
and biological intervention, using different formulas across the gender spectrum in order
to cater to different tastes and sexual appetites.
The apparent war between Jews and non-Jews that apparently the Jews are currently winning,
the identity of code named Mr. Evil, who is allegedly heir of Barak, the former prime
minister of Israel, Epstein meeting with Netanyahu, details about the debaucherous sex
parties, including individuals having their backs and legs cut open and then performing
sex while others eat intestines and cannibalized children.
At these events, the names dropped were George Soros, H.W. Bush, and Henry Kissinger,
the dressing up of young children into different Disney characters and then being sold to
specific clients.
Liam Barr, ex-attorney US general, apparently frequenting the sex parties where Epstein
would abduct and then sexually abuse victims.
The disclosure that quantum computing technology is 3 billion times better than their Illuminati
magic and a very heated email exchange between two individuals.
An odd email chain where Mary Kennedy was found dead in her backyard where Epstein replied,
whoops, a person named Pizza Monster with frequent references to how much he loved the taste
of pizza and just craved pizza.
This figure is currently unidentified, trafficking of young homeless people, turning them into
extreme sexual deviance through consistent ritualistic and sexual abuse, and later pawning
them off, putting them into certain positions of influence, power, or work is heavily implied.
Jeffrey Epstein's connection to the Rothschilds being paid to the tune of $25 million.
And last but not least, Robert Maxwell, Julyan Maxwell's father, apparently turning on
Massad demanding hundreds of millions of dollars because he has so much control over
the United States, naming himself Israel's unofficial ambassador to the Soviet Blom.
And then as a surprise to nobody, he was found dead.
Honorable mentions are possible time travel, transhumanism, experiments, and the bloodline
of the literal Illuminati being listed out.
But all three of those need to be deeper looked into because they have almost no evidence
surrounding them that I've found yet.
An next video I'm going to be cross-referencing a lot of the stuff that I'm finding with other
sources to try to pin down which of this stuff is more true, and follow to keep up
as I continue to dig through these files.

— END —
