Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-22, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

You're egging me on to ask you, I want to respect your price.
I am actually because I'm not sure I will say it.
I've never said it ever, ever.
Well, if you want me.
Not in six fucking years since I left Belize,
have I ever stated why?
Do you want to?
Absolutely.
OK, well then, you're welcome.
OK, so when I went on to run in Belize,
I had friends in the US Embassy in Belize.
I knew I was coming down.
I'm not stupid.
I had arranged with the head of security.
I was going to come in.
He said, sir, we have it from the highest authority.
We are not to allow you entry into the US Embassy.
Understand me.
It was the highest authority in the State Department,
Hillary Clinton.
I'm an American citizen of the fucking American passport.
I'm sorry.
I'm not wanted in America.
I've got no crimes in America.
Is it not a reason to say, I don't think I'm going to vote for you.
And yet you're here now.
For a month and a half, I was on the run.
The reason that the government wanted to collect me
was that after they had raided my property in 2012,
and the jungle shot my dog, abused me,
destroyed a half million dollars with my property
over a bogus charge, I was pissed off.
And so I donated too many secretaries
within the government, lapped off computers, really nice ones
that were preloaded with viral spyware.
Within a week, the entire government computer system
was under my control.
I was watching, monitoring, listening.
I was looking for information that they had set me up
for that raid, and I didn't find that.
I did find out that the Minister of National Defense
was the largest drug trafficker in all of Central America.
And the Minister of Immigration,
the largest human trafficker.
We don't want to get killed by them either,
so we're probably not going to do that.
That's fine, that's fine.
It was getting a little hot in John McAfee's compound,
so we decided to step outside.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Let's get into bit.

— END —
