Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-09, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

It's important to understand that we're not talking, I mean, on one hand we're talking about a
financial coup. So let me show you our, I just made a new chart on what I call the financial
coup, because I want to put a little history to this thing. And we went through this the other
night. You know, what happened in the mid 90s, we had at the end of the, all the fraud during the
80s, we had a big reform effort. And one part of the reform, and I know, because I wrote it,
was it was basically a series of reforms we instituted at HUD, and then helped OMB take them
government wide, but it required the covered agencies, the top 24 agencies to produce
alternative financial statements. So a process began where the government started to confess that
they couldn't produce alternative financial statements, but they would explain what their
undocumented adjustments were, which was transactions that weren't documented that weren't,
you know, that made it impossible for them to produce financial statements. The people who
ran the financial system tried to come up with a plan to balance the budget, including the
retirement, you know, Social Security retirement. And that led to a big bust up in 1995, when the
budget deal cratered. And I, this event was, or this period was described to me by one of the largest
pension fund guys in the country, he said, they've given up on the country, they're moving all the
money out stirring this fully, tell me that it's in April 96. And that's when enormous amounts of
money started to disappear from the federal government. So you're, you're increasing the debt,
and then money's disappearing out the back door. So think of the Treasury as a laundry device that
sucking money, you know, the Treasury gives bonds to the pension funds, gets money, the money
disappears out the back door. Now the taxpayers are liable to the pension funds. It's just a laundry
device. Okay. Anyway, so if you look at this chart, what you'll see is by 911, there was,
you know, trillions of dollars missing from HUD and DOD, DOD is the big one. And in fact,
Rumsfeld's Secretary of Defense stood up and said, you know, the DOD is missing 2.3 train,
it's worse than terrorism. It's a greater national security threat than terrorism.
Of course, we know what happened with 911, the Patriot Act passes, but money keeps going
missing until finally in 2015, 6.5 trillion was missing. And Dr. Mark Skidmore, who's a budget
expert professor at MSU heard me talking about it and said, Oh, she has to be wrong. That's impossible.

— END —
