Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-28, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

I really love my life and I'm in great health that being said America you are occupied
Here's your document. You can look it up. It shows up as this. It's a bunch of photos
What did I discover in the photos?
These and with a girl
Getting cookies obviously she's blurred out to protect our identity. But what's that in the background? We're seeing here?
what
country is that
Or state
Hmm
Waterline there's a notch it would go down notch go up come down
Gaza strip all of this I
Call this like this little section could be like a just just remember that this is the West Bank
West Bank
with a hud Barak's signature a
hud Barak Prime Minister state of Israel
Can't give you guys a date because it starts off on page two page one is missing on this document
They completely took that one out of here. So pages two to twenty five
And it may not even be full all
all 25
But this is what's in them the same document number by the way
Why would a hud Barak be at Epstein's why would they be talking about the West Bank?
Why would they be talking about all these things?
More and more seems like
He was involved with intelligence and that's our greatest ally who we just used and
Or is telling us to go to war in Iran
So do they care about you America or do they care about a different agenda?
Don't forget I just did a whole video on how this guy stepping down from the central bank chairman
Federal chair of the central bank our federal reserve is being replaced with this guy
This guy who's happened to be married to Jane Lauter whose dad is Ronald Lauter combined
He's got five billion
She's got two there at seven billion dollars valuation and they own Estee Lauter and they actually know Epstein because they went to the same
Bart's Kevin Walsh
Galain Maxwell they all were together the same Kevin worse. That's your Fed chair seems like they all know each other, huh?
At hud Barak's giving intelligence secrets these guys go to New Year's Eve party up they have meetings with them Ron Lauter
See Jeffrey on Thursday or Friday
We have billionaire circulating with intelligence communities
You guys have been occupied and I'm gonna give you my theory video next pay attention

— END —
