Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-03, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

You might think you know what happened to Kanye West, but most people have no idea
just how dark this rabbit hole really gets.
There is a chain of coincidences that paints a very scary picture of the world these celebrities
live in.
And as with most insane stories, this one also begins with an Ellen DeGeneres interview
from May 2016, an interview where Kanye seemed different and even said some things that disturbed
Ellen.
This is my mom and my dad, like pushing the confidence and just knowing that people have
to be themselves and we have to fight, we're creating new shapes in the world every day
and you know, we're under attack constantly by conventional opinion and you know, somebody's
got to just plant both of their feet and say nah, that people can be who they are.
Don't tell me about being likable.
We got a hundred years here, we're one race, the human race, one civilization.
We're blip in the existence of the universe and we constantly try to pull each other down,
doing things that help each other.
That's my point.
It's like I'm shaking, talking about, I know it's daytime TV, but I feel that I can make
a difference while I'm here.
And this was not a one time thing, fast forward to November, Kanye stopped mid concert and
said this, some people think this was the point.
They think Kanye went too far here and exposed too much.
Because two days later, Kanye abruptly canceled his St. Pablo tour and on the same day he
was at his trainer, Harley Pasternak's home.
Something happened and Harley called a doctor and then 911.
That was the first time Kanye West was institutionalized and he remained in the hospital for nine
days.
We start this half hour with word that Kanye West is waking up in a Los Angeles hospital
where he's now under observation reportedly for exhaustion and stress.
This on the heels of a bizarre and abrupt end to a concert over the weekend.
When he came back, people noticed that he was once again the superstar who knew his limits
who didn't go too far.
But people think it all fell apart after his divorce from Kim Kardashian.
Because in October 2022, Kanye sat down with Tucker Carlson and once again called out
some people compressive like my dad is the most brilliant person that I know and we actually
have a strained relationship because I was taken from him because my mom was an actress
so she was a liberal and my dad would see certain things and say, you know, we should
do it this way.
We should do it that way.
And the people got around my mom and pulled her away much like, you know, Kim is a Christian
but she has people who want her to go to interview magazine and put her ass out while she's
a 40-something-year-old multi-billionaire with four black children.
And this is how fashion wants to how they want to present her.
And then after talking to them and really sitting with Jared and sitting with Josh and
finding out other pieces of information, I was like, wow, these guys might have really
been holding Trump back and being very much a handler right then.
They love to just look at me or look at Trump like we're so crazy and that they're the
businessmen.
Of course, the interview went viral and people could not stop talking about what Kanye was
saying.
But then at the start of November, Kanye released messages from his trainer, Harley
Pasternak, messages that painted a very strange picture of their relationship.
So, let me read this argument here.
This is how I do this.
This is a trainer, but come to find out he's actually Canadian intelligence but this is
my trainer.
So this shows you the kind of handlers that are around the superstars of California, right?
So it says, I'm going to help you one of a couple of ways.
First, you and I sit down and have a loving and open conversation, but you don't use
cuss words and everything that is discussed is based in fact.
And that's some crazy stuff that dumb a friend of yours told you or you saw on a tweet.
Second option, I have you institutionalize again where they medicate the crap out of
you and you go back to zombieland forever, play date, play date with the kids just won't
be the same.
This is the way a Hollywood, a Hollywood trainer was talking to me to force me to go and like
apologize.
A month after these messages, Kanye appeared on Alex Jones's show.
But people also point out that the only major media figure who talked about these text messages
was Tucker Carlson.
Then West posted something remarkable on Twitter, which for some reason, virtually all of American
media ignored, which is odd because media outlets are not usually in the business of
ignoring remarkable things, but they did.
And what he posted was a picture of a text exchange that he had had with Harley Pasternak.
Pasternak was explaining that West had better stop saying, quote, crazy stuff.
In other words, he better get back on script or else he would be severely punished.
Quote, second option, if you don't shut up, quote, I have you institutionalized again
where they medicate the crap out of you and you go back to zombieland forever, play date
with the kids just won't be the same end quote.
Try if you can to imagine a more sinister threat than that, a more chilling threat than that.
Do what I say or I will turn your brain to mush.
People are now pointing out how Tucker was fired by Fox just a few months later.
And they also can't help but notice some other strange things about Harley Pasternak, like
how Ariana Grande introduced him to her then boyfriend, Mac Miller, the artist who died
in 2018 due to an accidental overdose, and who died only 45 minutes before he was scheduled
for a workout with Harley Pasternak, who shared this information in an interview.
But this doesn't end here.
You might remember actress Brittany Murphy.
Well, she also died under mysterious circumstances in 2009.
Her husband, Simon Monjack, came under the spotlight for the way he allegedly treated
his wife before her death.
Well, the crazy part is Harley Pasternak wasn't just training Monjack, but also training
Brittany Murphy.
In fact, he even talked to journalists about how she seemed off when her husband was around.
People online just cannot imagine how one guy can be involved in so many things.
And we haven't even talked about his military career yet.
And I was working on my PhD on exercise physiology and nutrition, got recruited by
the military to help run essentially the superhuman lab, this laboratory called the Defense and
Civil Institute of Environmental Medicine.
It was incredible under Dr. Ira Jacobs, who in the world of exercise physiology, he's
one of the most respected people ever.
He coined the term obla on set of blood lactate levels.
And so I was lucky enough to have him as my graduate advisor.
And the area that I was interested in was how drugs and food effect muscular performance.
And when you say drugs without like performance enhancing drugs or they don't have drugs.
So working for the military, I wasn't governed by the same laws that the typical person was.
So I could look at the impact of certain drugs that are not everyday things.
So we looked at a drug called medaffinil, which was for narcoleptics.
So if you give a soldier this drug, how long could they stay awake for?
So you can see there are just too many strange coincidences.
And all of this makes people believe that Kanye's downfall might not have been so random after
all.

— END —
