Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-26, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Boy, oh boy, do I love you sleuths back home, okay, I have to tell you crowdsourcing to solve
a globally consequential murder. This might be the first time it's ever been done in the history
of the world, but it should not be the last time. Check out this email that we got yesterday in
response to our show that we presented, what another another sloop that actually happened to
notice yesterday, that mysterious white on the black tempered glass shards that were shattered
in the back of the SUV. That sloop from yesterday pointed to the plausibility
that Charlie's road mic was rigged to explode. They said, look, there's white on some of these
pieces, Candice. Well, then we had someone send us an email and they started putting the pieces
together. One crucial piece. They wrote, Dear Candice and team, I'm watching your show from
earlier today. I'm in France and I had to stop watching when you showed the shards after reading
that email. I quickly spotted the USB logo on the shard at the 15 minute 30 second mark, the one
to the left of the screen closer to you. And I wanted to check out check it. Please see below.
All I did was screenshot your video and rotate the bit with the shard to line it up with a promo
shot of the road mic. I think there's no room for doubt here. It's clearly the USB logo and
or icon game over. Feel free to get in touch if you have any questions. I'm going to show you this
is what they attached to like from our show, the picture. And they then obviously flipped it
and showed that that was the USB. I think this is incredible. Legendary inspector gadget finding.
We did it ourselves. We can blow up that image and rotate it as well and put it side by side
with the road mic's UBS icon. So that really is something I do feel like this is what we have to
do. We have to get really molecular to close this case. I do believe firmly that it was Charlie's
road mic bits that were shattered all over the car floor. And by the way, you guys were so in the
weeds on this that I even had opticians emailing me to inform me that it was not possible for it
to be sunglasses on the ground. The emails were like, hey, I don't know if you know it's about
sunglasses, but they're actually not allowed to shatter like that. There's a whole process in how
they're created because obviously they are covering people's eyes so they cannot create them in a
circumstance in which they might shatter and glass would get all over people's eyes, which is why
generally speaking, you know, if you break your sunglasses, if you break your glasses, they maybe
crack or it just the lens just pops out of the frame. And it was amazing. I'm learning so much.
And she sent me step by step of the qualifications, what they have to pass, the inspections they have
to pass.

— END —
