Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-02, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

There's a reasonable question, but the trouble is you can't pick up the phone book.
There's no Langley in Israel that you can look up CIA, or in our case, the Mossad.
We thought we should ask, what shall we call it in English?
You can translate the Hebrew words, as I said, Mossad as Institute, but when they write a
letter to their friends in the CIA, or the British intelligence, what do they call themselves?
It took a while.
It was a matter of asking the Prime Minister's spokesman.
The best you could do, because officially, the Mossad is under the Prime Minister's office,
and I think he sort of wondered why he wanted to know, and all that's we explained, and
he came up with the Israeli Secret Intelligence Service.
I mean, if it were to have initials, it would be I-S-I-S, simple words like that.
Interestingly enough, for a kind of a British model, the British don't really like the names
in my father now.
You know, Hamas, if you look at the history, you'll find out that Hamas was encouraged
to really start it by Israel, because they wanted Hamas to counteract, yes, or air fat.
You say, yeah, that was better than and served his purpose, but we didn't want Hamas to
do this.
So then, we as Americans say, well, we have such a good system, we're going to impose
this on the world, we're going to invade Iraq and teach people how to be Democrats.
We want free elections.
But we encourage the Palestinians to have a free election they do, and they elect Hamas.
Mr. Roman, are you aware that we are sending $40 million a week to the Taliban?
Yes, sir.
Can you name other instances of foreign aid going to terrorist organizations?
We have assisted El Shabaab and Somalia.
There's been instances of the Khumsi Network in Sudan, Hamas, Islamic Jihad, Hezbollah,
Hayat al-Shamsen Syria, dozens of terror organizations have received indirect assistance
from U.S. foreign aid.
Could you elaborate a little bit on the mechanisms in place that are to stop foreign aid from
going to terrorist groups, and why are they not working if we have any in place?
And I would note that these are, you notice these are terrorist weaponry, you see some
AKS, SKS, some snipers, some clips, some clip carriers probably made in China, and
I believe these are small land mines here beside right there.

— END —
