Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-07-28, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

These are the books that Anthropic had be cut up by a hydraulic press to be scanned so that they
could be fed into their AI models. These documents are from court records which are now unsealed,
and the company that did this is Datimation. For some reason, when outlets like The Washington
Post have reported on what Anthropic is doing with books, they call Datimation a vendor and keep
them anonymous for some reason, which is weird because their name is very obviously in the services
agreement in the court records. So why would they take the name out when they're reporting the story?
The other thing that I might add is that having these pages cut and with a hydraulic press is not
necessary to scan the pages of the book, right? I mean, with modern technology, we could find a
way to do this without ruining the books, but they're doing it because it's faster. They're
destroying the books because of a profit motive, right? And so it's millions of pages, and here is
Tom Tuvey in an email where these photos were shared, and Tom Tuvey is also the head of Project
Panama. So yes, this is a part of Project Panama, the plan to scan all of the books in the world,
which sounds great. Like we're making digital copies of all of the books, but Tom, why are you
destroying the books? The only outlet that I've seen connect Datimation with the AI companies
is one, and they don't even link the court documents so that people can review what's going on and
what evidence is publicly out there. So what's the point of doing investigative journalism if
you're not actually bringing information to the public? So anyway, I've linked the interesting
documents that I found in my sub stack because that's what real journalists should do. Washington
Post. Anyway, if you know anyone who has more information on this, or if you do, message me at
kberbank.77 on signal because I think there's a lot more here than is already out. This is a super
underreported story.

— END —
