Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-27, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Do I have time to tell the Zelensky story?
Sure.
Because it's another one, it's just, you know, what is Zelensky?
In America, he's a hero, he's a real warrior, he's got that nice green, you know, warrior
suit on, and here's the truth.
And people know parts of this story, but they don't know it in its cleanest narrative.
So he was a totally apolitical, he was an outsider to politics, zero experience or interest
in government or politics, he was a comedian, and with no manifesto, no party ties, and
he does a TV show, a planned TV show called Servant of the People, and the main character
in the show does a YouTube video that calls out oligarchs and corruption and eventually
becomes popular and is drafted as a protest candidate and eventually becomes president.
So Zelensky played on a TV show, a person who becomes president by popular demand.
In real life, the TV show is supported by an oligarch named Kolomoski who owned the
TV channel, and Kolomoski did a huge nonstop promo on that TV show to make it the number
one show, prime time slots and ads everywhere and crossovers with the news and what have
you.
2018, a year before the show goes off the air, Zelensky forms a political party called Servant
of the People, the same title as the show.
And in no press release, secretly done, and then he does another season of the show,
and in April of 2019, he announces his actual candidacy on Instagram.
He has no campaign, no rallies, no real platform.
He skips the presidential debates, others attended.
He avoids press conferences and the few that he did were in the beginning were really bad,
and Kolomoski's TV channel gave Zelensky's campaign endless airtime and favorable polls
and went after his enemies.
The U.S. intelligence agencies, CIA and NSA, helped U.S. spending $5 billion by the way
on democracy campaigns in Ukraine, funneled through NGOs.
And USAID embeds advisers in his organization to help with the campaign.
I'm almost done, and on election day, Zelensky wins with 73% of the vote.
Then the war happens with Russia, and he declares martial law, and he ends elections.
I suppose to be an election in 2024, that's what we get for our democracy money.
And quite literally, he is an actor in a carefully designed television show.
He is a construct, like Epstein is a construct, meaning he's a created entity, and it worked.

— END —
