Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-28, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

At the start of this week, I got an email from a follower and a good friend of mine who said,
look, they're talking about what you talk about on Instagram in the New York Times, isn't that great?
And I said, yeah, that's great. And then I started reading the editorial and I was like
really pissed off by the second paragraph, because this paragraph is a total lie. I had to write back
to the person. I was like, just so you know, Hamas didn't commit mass rapes on October 7th.
They actually didn't find evidence of any rape on October 7th. And I haven't heard back,
and typically that is a conversation ender for a lot of people because that is their understanding
of why all of this is going on. And it is. It is atrocity propaganda designed to manufacture
consent, just like weapons of mass destruction, just like pulling babies off of incubators and
Kuwait. It is completely fabricated. So when we talk about this issue, people go, well, it just
seems like something Hamas would do. I find that very hard to believe that they didn't. What do you
know about Hamas that wasn't told to you by the people who did this and this and this and this
and this, you know, the most prolific liars in the world. I'm not talking about Jews, by the way.
However, if you are Jewish and you still stand with Israel, just know that you are aligning yourself
with this and this and this. So what is the truth about what actually happened on October 7th? Well,
let's break this down. 40 beheaded babies, total bullshit, mass rapes, total bullshit, 1200
innocent civilians killed, total bullshit. There were over 1000 people. Yes. However,
hundreds of them were not civilians. They were active duty soldiers of the remaining. We have
no idea how many Hamas killed or even intended to kill because they were only trying to take
hostages. That's bad. Well, hold on a second. Hold that thought seriously. Okay. They were trying
to take hostages and Israel enacted what they call the Hannibal directive, where they want people
dead rather than being taken hostage. So they fired over 10,000 rounds from helicopters,
dropped bombs, fired missiles indiscriminately at their own civilians. Those bombed out cars
that you see the photo of very often. Hamas did that? No, no, they didn't. They did not use
paragliders and machine guns to do that. That was Israel. So why did Hamas take these people
hostage? By the way, when they were hostage, they wanted them taken care of. They wanted them alive.
Why did they want them to live? Because that's what you do with hostages. You have them to
exchange them. The reason Hamas took those people hostage is because Israel prior to October 7th
had over 4,500 Palestinians in detention, 1300 of whom in administrative detention with no trial,
women and children. What does that make them hostages? Hamas was trying to trade hostages
for hostages and knowing what Israel does to Palestinians in detention, I think that's pretty
reasonable to try to get those people back.

— END —
