Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-13, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

This is amazing. Check this out.
Two identical tuning forks, both tuned to the note A, the note and orchestra tunes to.
These forks are both made to vibrate 440 times per second.
We say their frequency is 440 Hz.
I tap this fork, putting little pulses of energy into it.
The second fork will also vibrate in sympathy.
And if I silence this fork, we just may hear the other singing its tone.
We say that I'm inducing a sympathetic resonant vibration in the second fork.
It only works because both forks are tuned to the exact same frequency.
So now we're searching for the magic frequency.
We start with a 100 Hz and we look through the microscope to see if anything's happening.
And we watch for 5 minutes.
Nothing happens.
So we try 101 Hz.
We look through the scope for 5 minutes and nothing happens.
So we try 100 and 2, 103 and so on.
Over the course of 15 months, we try hundreds and hundreds of frequencies, if not thousands,
until we find the magic combination.
The answer is you have to have two input frequencies, one low, one high.
And the higher frequency must be 11 times the lower.
It's what we musicians would call the 11th harmonic.
When we add the 11th harmonic, we begin to shatter microorganisms like a crystal glass.
These are the first videos taken.
We showed these videos to our friends in the biology department.
They said they hadn't seen anything quite like it.
It seems to be a new phenomenon.
These organisms are being shattered by our electronic signals.
This is a harmless organism, almost friendly, a little blepharisma.
Normally, they're very fast swimmers.
When you approach a frequency to which they are vulnerable, they begin to slow down.
Then they stop and then they begin to disintegrate within about 3 minutes.
So now we know we can destroy a microorganism.
And the question comes up, but can you target a specific organism with a specific frequency?
So we search the US patent database, and we find this invention by a physician,
Dr. James Bear of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
It's called a resonant frequency therapy device, and its purpose is to induce a resonant vibration
in a living organism or cell.
The output always pulses.
It's on, it's off, it's on, it's off.
This is very important because if the signal is constantly on,
you are in danger of inducing heat in those cells.
Heat causes indiscriminate destruction, and we don't want that.
We want...

— END —
