Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-07-02, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Bet you didn't see this.
So the footage from the camera behind Charlie Kirk that hadn't been released for so long
has finally been released and it tells us a lot.
Remember how right after Charlie Kirk was supposedly shot and killed?
They immediately went in there and took all the cameras down and and the one camera behind him.
They took that down, they took the memory card out and then we just never heard anything about
that angle and never saw any footage from that angle. Remember?
Yeah, well, Candace Owens just released the footage and it tells us a lot.
Watch this and get to this.
And by the way, I think at some point they said they didn't have the footage to have the footage.
Hey, this is Terrell's office when he showed you this and here we go.
You can just play this. Obviously the question is being asked at this moment right here.
We had assumed initially that that was his recorder or something.
I can confirm you'll see later that's whipping fast and it looks white with fast,
but that is in fact his necklace that is necklace and I find that for some reason to be very strange.
The necklace goes up first.
We can you can see this obviously and by the way, there's no gore in this.
So we only need a recession because like I said, which kind of broke internet,
the bullet didn't go through. We only did not go through.
Didn't even cause any sort of mess.
This perfectly white t-shirt was white until the moment that he hit the ground.
Well, first you can show them the magnet that's still on him.
I guess we'll get to that.
Yeah, there you go.
What you call it there?
So you can see that is his necklace and it's, I don't know how to describe that.
I don't know if you would say it's still on him.
There was a lot of story.
Everybody had a personal story about Charlie's necklace, which struck me as very odd, okay?
Charlie's odd because Erica Frank tells a story about how he came out to get his backpack from the car
as the feds were searching it at the hospital and he saw Charlie's necklace on his backpack,
which is in the car. And the feds said, we're looking for the necklace.
Really? Why are they looking for the necklace?
How do they know he had an necklace?
That's very strange.
It's not for Charlie's head.
So you are seeing zero blood heading backward.
Never by the narrative.
Thirty-five-six is what Joel's program.
I'm just, no, I saw this a long time ago,
right around the time when the exploding mic thing was going on.
And I just kind of wrote it off because I was like,
it's so easy to fake something like this, to fake, you know, a whistleblower with a distorted voice
and you can't see them.
Like it's so easy.
And so I didn't want to share it because I didn't know if it was real or not, quite frankly.
And so I didn't.
But now it's starting to look like this whistleblower was 100% real.
Watch this.
So I'll be honest, when I heard the exploding mic,
like, I didn't write it off because, you know, anything's possible.
And it's definitely a, you know, this is just something the massage does.
They do these exploding devices.
If you remember the pagers and everything, like this is part of their MO.
But I wasn't totally sold on it because there was a lot of things that just
didn't quite add up.
But recently between like Baron Coleman and all these other people, including Candace Owens,
it's pretty conclusive that Charlie Kirk was not shot and that it absolutely was a malfunction
from an exploding mic.
So while everybody is distracted with other things, this narrative of the Charlie Kirk
assassination is crumbling real time.
So first, let's just talk about it makes a lot more sense now why they literally completely
paved over the area within 24 hours of this happening, which by the way is one of the biggest
red flags for and or should be one of the biggest red flags for anybody because anytime
there's a murder, like that area is like caution taped off and it is literally shut down until they
have fully investigated the murder and figured everything out and they don't touch anything
on the murder scene.
Like have any of you guys ever seen any of the movies because that's how it works.
It's not just in the movies like it's one of the weirdest things about this entire thing was how
fast they like completely changed everything about that murder scene and more than anything
paved over the whole thing.
But now it makes a lot more sense.
But see the other thing was how fast they took his body out of there and there wasn't an ambulance
or anything like that and there was just this weird SUV and I'm just going to post this video
for you guys to watch because she nailed it and she broke down every single thing about this SUV
and everything they've now figured out about it.
Just watch this.
It fell into the VIN number and pulled the Carfax report which tells us that this vehicle was
first purchased in Utah on February 5th, 2025 just a few months before Charlie Kirk was assassinated
and then it dawned on me that is the exact date that the Utah FBI field office appointed their new
director. After that, the SUV was used to transport Charlie Kirk to the hospital, the captain seats
were removed and parts of the floorboard were stripped. Vehicle was then run through a car auction
and purchased by its second owner to someone who lives in California and then was inspected
by Jessup Otto Plaza. The owner of that dealership just happens to be a retired United States Air Force
Captain.
And then of course in addition to this there's all of the lies that the people at Turning Point USA
or people involved with Turning Point have been caught telling over and over and over
everybody from freaking the McCoy's to Andrew Covid, all of these people. They literally have
done nothing but lie including Erica Kirk. But now we figure out that they also lied about this.
I said we got to start CPR on looking down at Charlie. I mean he's he's a foot from me. His
face is a foot from me. But we had to start CPR anyway so we did. I just started pounding on
trying to get him to respond. Couldn't do it.
Was CPR being conducted during this time? You know no because right now I got to stop that bleeding.
Yeah I heard conflicting reports and I was a little confused by that like we can't start
doing CPR before the bleeding stop and people don't understand that.
Proctisation of care. And so it's like I got to get that bleeding stop before and then I knew that
we were not that far from the hospital and anybody can I said I got to stop that bleeding.
So nobody should be surprised that Turk lied about this because he's been lying about everything
since they won. It's not just about like getting your story straight. He has literally been caught
in multiple lies and he's hiding behind this idea of being a man of God and a pastor and he's
absolutely full of crap. But finally and honestly it's not finally because there's
so much more but this video would be like 30 minutes long if I included all of it.
But this last piece is really really important to the whole thing. Not that all the other things
aren't important but this is crucial. Remember how they told us that Tyler admitted that
admitted to his parents that he tried to kill Charlie Kirk. Remember that? Well his family confirmed
that that's not true.
So why did they do it? Why did they kill Charlie? This is why.
Honest this is more bitch real pushing for Iran but is that America's problem?
That's a cut. I mean maybe the answer is yes. Maybe the answer is you know what? They were
wrong about Iraq. They were wrong about Syria. They were wrong about Afghanistan. They were wrong
about the Taliban. They were wrong about Libya. They were wrong about the Arab Spring. They were
wrong about Yemen. They were wrong about the Arabian Peninsula. They were wrong about the
9-11 hijackers being Saudi Arabian but hey 10th time's a charm. This time we're actually right.
Yeah you're gonna have to earn our trust in this.
Let's be very honest with you something that I'm against. I don't think we should buy
Marani in nuclear facilities. I just don't. I think it'd be a huge mistake. It's an act of war
against a major country. You go to war with Persia. It will bring your country down.
The American people did not rise up in major numbers because we want war with Iraq. That was
never part of the deal. It was never like hey America first, we're gonna go do a bunch of targeted
strikes on the mainland of Iran. But it wasn't just that. It was also the fact that he was
demanding release of the Epstein files, that he was calling out everybody that was trying to hide
them, that he was also calling out the ethnic cleansing and the genocide in Gaza, that he was
starting to wake up to how powerful the Jewish lobby was and also started to distance himself
from the Jewish lobby and from the Israel cause as he said in that text message right before he
was killed. It wasn't just Iran. It was all of that as well. But most importantly, and I've said
this from day one, is that he was the single most influential person to the two youngest generations.
Period. He'd not only had the ability to communicate with them, he had the ability to change their
minds about things. Make sure we don't go to war against Iran, which would be a profound mistake
for our country. So that's a really, really important thing. Drill maybe drill domestically,
peace in Middle East, peace with Russia, Ukraine. You'll see gas prices go down to 30 bucks a barrel,
which literally what does that mean? $1.75 a gallon. That's what it means.
And that's a really dangerous thing when you're trying to run a massive propaganda war and
enslave the minds of the two youngest generations, just like you did the older generations so that
you can continue to run your agenda without any pushback and continue to garner support from the
West and be able to carry out your ultimate mission. But hey, I'm just a conspiracy theorist.

— END —
