Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-03, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

I'll do more videos in this, but there seems to be a hell of a lot of confusion for people in the comments and just to be
explicit. Start here. The survey of Western Palestine was done under the guidance of Queen Victoria in
1865. This is it, and it confirms that the most abundant mineral in
Palestine is phosphate. Do you know what they use phosphate for? Making enriched uranium
Britain and France knew damn well
what was in this area before they set up.
The Zionists Conference. By
1922 they do an even fuller map and they find all of these other
chemicals and they geo-locate the exact phosphate beds that they need and how much is in them.
They already have the science at this point and the science has remained the science ever since.
Israel is the world's number one exporter of uranium. And who buys that enriched uranium?
From at least
1957 on Israel has been the central production hub for the entire UN Security Council, including China and Russia and
any other state that has nuclear weapons. Most of their skills,
tech and
ingredients come from here.
This is important because Israel does not need a nuclear deterrent to survive.
Israel was built to be the proliferation hub of
the post-World War II Western Nuclear Order. They supply
these states in the Official Treaty and the ones who aren't and that's why their nuclear weapons are secret.
So that they can supply on both sides.
The same bankers that started the war and funded the perpetrators off the Holocaust are
financially connected to the establishment of the Israeli state and the nuclear secret steels.
It's the same fucking people.
Take the A off this name and his AGM is next week.
Israel won't stop genocideing people because the banks have billion dollar investments in the minerals under their feet.
And those minerals, this process is slowly killing Israelis too and they knew that that's what radiation would do
as they continue to exterminate the Jew. Do you know what I mean? This is the same fucking Holocaust. It's continuing.
The divide and rule of if I make a video about Israeli safety, then I must be anti-Palestinian.
That is the empire's words.
Fuck you if you left that comment. Seriously, get off.

— END —
