So are we surprised that he's on this bohemian growth list?
No, we're not.
So you have a secret society with a bunch of weirdos
going to the middle of nowhere with a big ass owl
and they're doing sacrifices?
Circle jerk.
A circle jerk is, yeah, that's what it is.
But you know what's even stranger though,
is that Conan O'Brien.
That's not surprising.
And you know why that's not surprising.
Isn't Conan O'Brien one of the writers of The Simpsons?
So wouldn't it explain how The Simpsons
have been predicting everything for the past 30 years?
Exactly, so Conan O'Brien,
he's one of the original writers on The Simpsons.
So you mean to tell me that now he's on this list
that he's part of this secret society
and he was one of the original writers on The Simpsons
that predicted everything in the last 30 plus years?
It's not predicted, it's scripted.
It's scripted and it's planned.
The last episode we were saying,
Bart holds up a magazine that says 9-11
and it says New York and has two towers
and it literally shows you 9-11.
I mean, that tells you everything
kind of that you need to know.
It's scripted.
If you're one of the writers of The Simpsons
and you're sitting with all of the world leaders
who's making all the decisions for the world,
so all these people are sitting around,
like, hey, let's start a war this day.
Let's do this, this day.
And they all do rituals.
That's the thing.
So if they're all doing these rituals,
that just proves the conspiracy theories.
Correct, once again, they have to show you
before they do it.
That's literally it.
We're 100 and no.
Conspiracy theories are 100 and no at this point.
Undefeated, under a thousand and no.
And then what happened when we're Conan O'Brien?
Oh, didn't he get into it with Rob Weiner's son?
Yes.
The night before Rob Weiner's son killed his dad
and his mom.
He got to an argument at Conan O'Brien's house.
He was having like a party at his house.
Wait, what was the argument about?
We don't know.
We don't know.
But all we know is next day he does some wild shit.
So could it be some MK Ultra?
I don't know.
So that Conan O'Brien called in?
I was thinking this.
There's something that the son may have found out.
And then he wigged out because obviously
it's all connected, right?
What did he find out about his father or Conan
or what they're doing together?
Something happened to where he wigs out.
Cause now they're saying like,
oh, this kid is completely off his rocker.
Like he's crazy.
Seems to be something else is going on.
Cause that's too convenient.
Because now we see that Conan O'Brien
is part of the Bohemian Grove.
And Rob Reiner gets unlived by his son.
He kills both of them.
People don't know Hollywood and the government is like this.
Why do you think Hollywood was created in the first place?
Why are actors at Bohemian Grove with world leaders?
Cause go hand in hand.
One has to carry out the mission.
The other one has to tell the mission
or undo something through media.
It just proves that it's just full of puppets.
Going back to the Simpsons.
Cause there's no way mathematically
a coincidence can't just keep reoccurring
unless something forms a pattern.
And that means something is behind it.
Like even the Simpsons like they showed crypto
in the Simpsons.
Really?
Yeah.
It was an episode like 95, 96.
And it was where Homer and Marge
were going down the boardwalk.
And it had this sign in the back.
And it said crypto barn.
Come on, man.
Come on, man.
