Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-28, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

This is where Israel starts to replace America as, like, the global superpower,
Pax Judeaica, and then the ultimate in-game is a one-world AI surveillance state
with the global matrix of control being headquartered in Jerusalem.
Is that what you see happening by 2045 or is that what they see?
So let's differentiate between Greater Israel Project and Pax Judeaica.
So Greater Israel Project is the idea that Israel needs to achieve the promised land,
which they believe is what Yahweh promised to ancestor Abraham.
In this promised land, the Lord of Man extends from the Nile in Egypt to Euphrates in Iraq.
It also includes parts of Anatolia, Turkey, as well as parts of Saudi Arabia.
And so you can make the argument that what Israel wants to achieve in this war is the
Greater Israel Project, meaning that it wants to extend this war as much as possible to drag in
as many players as possible, including Turkey, including Saudi Arabia.
Because if they're destroyed in this war, then it's easier for Israel to achieve the Greater
Israel Project. And then they want to make Jerusalem the capital of this empire
and build the third temple, and this will allow for the Messiah to come.
That's how they have how these religious scientists see things unfolding.
Pax Judeaica is different.
Pax Judeaica is transnational capital seeing an opportunity in Greater Israel and saying,
well, if you guys are going to achieve the Greater Israel Project,
we'll come in and finance all this and we'll help with the building of the AI surveillance state.
There are not that many Jews, so we'll hire mercenaries to be the military for this empire.
We'll also bring in millions of Indians, Chinese, Filipinos to work as slaves in this empire.
And we will use the AI surveillance state to keep this system in check.
Right? So every slave will be given a microchip.
And there's unlimited oil and energy in the Middle East.
So we're going to have all these data centers in the Middle East.
Okay? That's how they want this world to turn out.

— END —
