Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-06-14, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

The lies were told about the Civil War.
Like everything, it's the juice box banking elites.
Cotton was the oil of the 19th century.
It accounted for half of all American exports and back the juice box global credit system.
They could not lose this.
America's becoming too powerful and they won't play by the juice box's rules.
So they infected us with the play they've done time and time again and they're doing
today.
None of us fight each other.
They told the southern farmers, it's about honor.
And they told the north, you can't lose the union.
How else can you get brother to fight brother cousin to fight cousin and it's strategic.
They wanted the south to be a permanent cotton colony and to have no banks of its own.
They wanted the north to be a bankrupt shell cut off from the resources that it needed to
thrive from the south.
And at the center of this, the biggest piece of garbage, Judah P. Benjamin.
He was the bridge to the European juice boxes.
He didn't just serve Jefferson Davis.
He directed him.
Benjamin as secretary of war and then later secretary of state brokered the infamous Erlang
alone.
He was tied to the same juice box bankers that installed Hamilton 80 years prior.
Lincoln knew the game.
She's quoted with saying, I have two enemies, the south in front of me and the banks behind
me.
The juice boxes started this war and then when Lincoln needed money to fight, they wanted
to charge him 36% interest.
So he hit him with the okey doke and made the greenbacks printed interest free money by
passing the juice boxes.
And that was the ultimate act of rebellion.
If Lincoln succeeded, the private banking monopoly was over.
The juice boxes used the south to try to destroy Lincoln's money revolution, hoping
that America would be like Jesus said, a divided house cannot stand.
They needed the war to last as long as possible to maximize this debt.
In the south's most vital hubs, Charleston and New Orleans, the economy was so tied to
juice boxes that slave markets would be closed on juice box holidays.
The Southern elites weren't white landowners.
They were international juice box financiers.
It's all one big game.
When the sales capital Richmond finally fell, Benjamin didn't go to prison.
He vanished to London and protected by the juice box elites.
He left behind a country in ashes and retired in luxury.
Within weeks of the war's end, Lincoln was gone and the greenback was suppressed and
we are still living in the game that the juice boxes have designed.

— END —
