Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-07, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Okay, do.
Yeah, and I'm gonna watch my words just because I don't feel like getting another account band,
but this has been happening for many, many years. Some people are just starting to catch
wind of it. In the most simplest terms, it is like a laser that can shoot down and start a fire
from anywhere in the world. If you don't believe me, there's already a patent on it, so take that
and do what you will with it. But we have had people capture this happening in real time.
So that's cool. And then if we go back to the Maui fires, that's when people started really
noticing like some weird stuff, like the blue, blue objects. In an area full of incinerated houses
and melted cars, there were blue objects that were untouched. And then you have, you know,
some people doing experiments on this little weapon and and how it doesn't affect blue.
So that's weird. And then we go to some recent fires and we still start seeing some more strange
anomalies such as the metal. Here is a bridge in Maui during the Maui fires. The metal beams are
warping. That's how hot it is. But then all the trees around it are untouched. Okay, then you
start looking a little bit deeper and you start seeing wood beams with metal are the only spots
where it's catching fire. I mean, that's that's a weird, right? Is that does that happen? I don't
know. You tell me the metal pieces that are touching the wood is what is catching on fire.
And you can see so many photos and and videos and clips of this happening. And you have this guy
who did a little experiment in his microwave made his own little fence, as you can see.
And you see what happens. Like, is there any similarities there? I don't know. And then you
have all the fires happening around the world, which is crazy. What really gets me is all the
pictures I've come across of the houses being incinerated, all to ash. And then all around it,
trees are still standing. For anyone who thought that this weapon was a conspiracy before,
I'm curious. What do you think now?

— END —
