Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-08-14, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Are you in Gaza?
End of April for the first couple weeks.
And then there's sniper bullets.
I had children that were shot twice.
Wait, you're saying that children in Gaza are being shot by snipers?
Definitively.
I have two children that I have photographs of that were shot so perfectly in the chest
I couldn't put my stethoscope over their heart more accurately and directly on the
side of the head in the same child.
So Cather gets shot twice by mistake by the world's best sniper and they're dead center
shots.
In fact more than 20 doctors recently in Gaza also told Sunday morning about gunshot wounds
to children.
One American doctor told us he even reviewed CT scans to confirm what he saw because he
quote, didn't believe that this many children could be admitted to a single hospital with
gunshot wounds to the head.
Some shootings have been captured on video.
So of all the disaster zones you've seen, how does Gaza compare?
All of the disasters I've seen combined, combined 40 mission trips 30 years, ground
zero, earthquakes, all of that combined doesn't equal the level of carnage that I saw against
civilians in just my first week in Gaza.
And when you say civilians, is it mostly children?
Almost exclusively children, I've never seen that before.
Never seen that.
I've seen more incinerated children that I've ever seen in my entire life combined.
I've seen more shredded children in just the first week.
Shredded.
Shredded.
What do you mean?
Missing body parts.
Being crushed by buildings, the greatest majority or bomb explosions, the next greatest
majority.
We've taken shrapnel as big as my thumb out of eight year olds.
The UN reports that to date, more than 80% of Gaza's population has been displaced and
the majority of its buildings destroyed.
A reality which has taken its own toll on the well-being of children.
What about the emotional wounds?
How can you measure that?
I can't measure my own.
How do you be an orphan watching your family, you know, melted in front of you and shredded
in front of you?
How do you fix that?
Ever fix that.
In fact, so many Palestinian children have had family members killed, that doctors created
a shorthand term, WCNSF, Wounded Child, No Surviving Family.

— END —
