Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-09-06, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

of a Californian woman confronting a pilot after he landed at 1.30 a.m. has just gone viral.
They're tired of you dumping heavy metals all over our county.
Well, I'm not the one to talk to about that.
No, you are, but you're the one that's doing it, so.
For the last several years, she's tracked these flights over to Lume County, collected
over 20 rainwater samples and filed public records requests, revealing hazardously elevated levels
of aluminum, barium, strontium, titanium, and magnesium.
The very materials they use in their trails, as confirmed by air sample analysis collected
up in the sky within the trails themselves.
At great effort and expense, we acquired a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
slide lab with top side descendant.
Took samples at altitude behind heavy aircraft.
We sampled what they were emitting.
Sample was processed at one of the top testing institutions in the world.
We found exactly what we knew we would find.
As for to this week, when she claims to have had enough using flight radar 24,
she tracked a beach C-90 kink air conducting repeated seating flights over Sonora.
She drove to the Modesto Jet Center to confront the pilots directly.
904 DK.
That's who that is.
You can go f***ing self.
At some point, I will get down to the airport.
So this is the Modesto Jet Center, okay?
Oh my god, that's him.
Look, I'm in the building.
They let me in.
You're Tim, right?
I'm one of the other captains.
Oh, great.
We've been trying to reach you for a long time.
And we are tired of you dumping heavy metals all over our county.
Well, I'm not the one to talk to about that.
No, but you are, but you're the one that's doing it.
So I've been taking rain samples.
I have over 20 samples.
And every time you fly, we get high amounts of aluminum,
ferium, strontium, titanium, magnesium.
You can talk to me about that.
I've called them and they're not calling me back.
So we're now going to bring something legal against your company.
We are real people underneath what you're doing.
You spray right over our houses.
Now you did two flights, two, three hour flights.
Yes, it's public knowledge.
It's, well, it's not really though.
That's the problem.
We've been doing this for 30 years.
They are now selling aluminum genetically modified seeds
to grow food because our soil is so contaminated.
There's an early onset dementia.
There's Alzheimer's things are starting to happen to people's health.
That's not my department.
I know the goal is you drive here today?
Yes, we did.
You're contributing to the pollution in the environment.
No, what is your name again?
It's none of your business.
It is my business because you're over my heads
dumping sh** over our families.
We're not in our houses.
It's not illegal, sir.
It's not illegal yet.
You are contributing to dumping heavy metals on our soils and in our air.
We're breathing it.
We're drinking it.
We're eating it.
It matters to me.
I understand that.
I'm not saying it doesn't matter.
I'm just saying I'm not.
It does matter.
But I'm not the one for you to bring these concerns to you.
And you do the best we can to bring awareness to it.
Yeah, it's just proper awareness and it's not a conspiracy to us.

— END —
