Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-07-02, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

You guys need to see what this guy is exposing in this clip from his documentary Above Majestic.
This came out in 2018, and it could not be more relative than what we are seeing in the world today.
This is David Wilcock, and he passed away recently, and I have a feeling that it had
something to do with everything that he knows about the world. I fully believe that the people
in power are silencing the whistleblowers because they don't want everybody waking up to the truth.
It couldn't be more obvious. Let me play you this clip.
And understand that there is corruption, there is rape, there is pedophilia, there is child tracking,
there is human sacrifice, there is cannibalism, and all of these things are happening
because there is a hidden elite that actually uses these behaviors as part of their religious
sacrament. It actually doesn't matter whether you believe that these people exist or not.
The bottom line is that they are actually advertising themselves constantly. They do it in movies.
There is a whole set of symbols that you can look for in movies that show their influence.
They do it in video games. They do it in television shows. They do it in music videos like crazy.
They do it in awards ceremonies. And it's always in your face. Now is the time for us to get our heads
out of the sand and understand that even if these things do seem unthinkable to us,
there are people today who are actively practicing this. The evidence is voluminous,
and really what it boils down to is that people don't want to look at the evidence
because it is so upsetting. In our obsession with antagonisms of the moment,
we often forget how much unites all the members of humanity. Perhaps we need some outside
universal threat to make us recognize this common bound. I occasionally think how quickly
our differences worldwide would vanish if we were facing an alien threat from outside this world.
And yet I ask you, is not an alien force already among us?

— END —
