Source: reel.orig.mkv (Instagram original)
Audio: source AAC extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-09-08, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

My name is Stephanie Vogt. I am the daughter of Theodore Vogt, who was a wealth manager,
regional wealth manager for Morgan Stanley in Grand Rapids through the 90s and the 2000s.
He continued his career with his own private wealth management firm after the economic crisis
of 2008. But he was very involved in politics and the GOP and had a lot of his
clients were very involved with the Heritage Foundation, some of his clients for the Van
Andals and Devosses. And they are intrinsically tied into a lot of these organizations and the
funding of the think tanks on the far right. And as a child, I was also used for blackmail operations
and to gather intelligence. Yeah, I am a so Stephanie, you're like,
what I would call an upstairs kid, like you're raised to be like in a leadership role in some
of these groups. And I am kind of the other side of that I was called sacrifice class or basement
kid. And I was also sex trafficked by some of these same groups that collectively are called
the shadow government because they control the actual government through the sexual
blackmail networks. And then they are integrally involved in what's going on at ICE facilities.
They're taking a lot of kids from not just kids, but people from these kind of black site prisons
and are using them in sex trafficking operations to collect to elite clients to collect political
blackmail on politicians to control those politicians. So I was trained, I was trafficked by numerous
people from Heritage Foundation, beginning when I was nine years old up until I was 32.
I was trafficked by them to Epstein and Galain in Tucson, Arizona for sex trafficking blackmail
that was taking place in the DHS facility out there. And the person involved in that operation
is still involved with DHS through Heritage Foundation. He continued to traffic me, he traffic me from
ages nine to 13 out there. And then again, I trained with Epstein and Galain. Again, when I was
19 to 21, Heritage Foundation continued to traffic me and they traffic me again in ICE facilities
in Northern Virginia from about 2014 to my escape in 2019.

— END —
